Another 44 people are corona positive in Telangana (ap7am). There is a slight increase in daily cases of Corona in Telangana.
XBB.1.5 Variant First Case Identifies In Telangana After Gujarat Karnataka Rajasthan | New Corona Variant: First 'XBB.1.5 Variant' Corona case identified in Telangana, how dangerous is it? . The number of such cases registered in the country till now has reached to seven. Earlier, three cases of XBB.1.5 were reported in Gujarat, one in Karnataka and one in Rajasthan.
H3n2 deaths in india, H3N2 Virus: Third death in the country.58 years old woman dies in Gujarat - 58 years old woman dies of flu like symptoms sample sent for h3n2 testing in vadodara of gujarat - Samayam Telugu .Influenza sub-category H3N2 virus is ringing alarm bells in the country. As the spread of influenza is alarming, health experts suggest that people must wear masks and keep their hands clean. Also, former director of AIIMS, Randeep Guleria, recently said that people with high risk should be isolated like during the Covid epidemic and vaccination should be given to everyone. The first two deaths in the country were reported last week.
12-year-old boy injured, 5-year-old boy died of rabies... A 12-year-old boy suffered severe injuries on his face and another 5-year-old girl died of rabies in two stray dog attacks in Telangana.
Road Accident: A serious road accident took place in Adilabad district. Four people died in this incident.
What happened in that hospital and how the two babies died. Malakpet women death case: The loss of life of two infants in Hyderabad's Malakpet government hospital has led to tension. Alleging that he died due to the negligence of the doctors, the family and relatives became worried. Leaders of all political parties expressed their support to the victims. The top officials of the health department clarified that there was no negligence on the part of the doctors in the incident. Government  has announced a compensation of Rs.5 lakh to the families of the victims. The Medical Commissioner has set up a committee to investigate the death of infants.
Dog And Snake Fight: Dog fights with snake to save her kids in khammam district. Dog And Snake Fight ,Mother's love is the greatest in creation, it is indescribable, if any creature comes near her children, she will resist fiercely, she is ready for any fight to save her children. Such an incident happened in Khammam district. A dog fought with a snake that bit her children. She died and saved her two children. In the suburb of Khammam city, Pallapu Chandraya Varalakshmi lives in Kottagudem. They are raising a female dog. She recently gave birth to four children. In the middle of the night, dogs were barking loudly in front of the house. When they came out of the house, they saw a cobra lying on a bike in their house premises. The snake had killed two children of dog.  Snake is trying to bite the dog The fight between the snake and the dog went on for a long time. In this fight both the dog and the snake died Two puppies also died The young man who reached Galata filmed this fight in his mobile phone In the end the dog died but the other two children survived
More than 10 thousand new cases of covid for the fourth day in a row.. How many deaths have been registered..? . New Delhi: For the fourth consecutive day, more than 10,000 new cases of Covid-19 have been reported in the country. It is noteworthy that this is the fourth row in a row that corona cases have increased in the country in the last two weeks. In the same order, the death are also increasing gradually.
Death of children in Alluri district Prajasakti. There is a tragedy in the death of children in Alluri district. In six months, 15 people have died due to various reasons. The government administration is not taking any steps towards the deaths of the students.
Telangana Corona Update | corona virus cases in Telangana have increased slightly. 177 people got infected with corona in a single day.
Snake in the boat.. people who trembled.. six people drowned in the water. Ghazipur Boat Accident: A boat accident took place in Ghazipur, Uttar Pradesh. The passengers panicked when they saw a snake in the boat. Six people died when the boat overturned.
70 female students fell ill after eating contaminated food: 40 are in serious condition | Prajasakti. Amarchinta-Wanaparthi (Telangana): 70 girl students fell ill in Amarchinta Kasturba Vidyalaya of Vanaparthi district. All the students who ate sambar and aubergine curry on Thursday night suffered from stomach ache and vomiting since midnight. It was not possible to take him to the hospital as there was only one teacher in the school. On Friday morning, as the condition of the female students became more critical, they were shifted to Atmakuru Government Hospital for treatment. Out of these, 40 female students are in serious condition and the doctors suggested that they should be shifted to the district hospital for better treatment.
Operation Smile: Telangana Police rescued 2,814 children in January Operation Smile: Telangana police rescued 2,814 children in January. For Operation Smile-IX conducted in the state in January, police teams (one SI, four constables) with 753 police personnel were formed in each sub-division.
Even today there are heavy cases in India. Number of corona cases is increasing in India. 10,093 covid positive cases have been reported in the last 24 hours. The number of corona cases is increasing in India. 10,093 Covid positive cases have been reported in the last 24 hours
A terrible fire accident in the hospital.. Six people including the doctor's couple were burnt alive Doctor couple among 6 killed in massive fire at hospital in Jharkhand's Dhanbad. As everyone was fast asleep, the fire broke out and thick smoke spread. People in the hospital could not come out due to smoke and fire.
Corona cases reduced in India..how much is new? - MicTv.in - Telugu News. Over 18,000 new cases of corona have been recorded in India for the past few days and have been declining for two days. Officials of the Central Health Department said that 16,103 new cases have been registered in the last 24 hours. A bulletin was released on Sunday regarding these new cases.
Telangana booster dose, Harish Rao: booster dose at home.. Telangana government good news - booster dose shots will supply at home in telangana, harish rao orders health officials - Samayam Telugu . Thaneeru Harish Rao: The Telangana government has taken a key decision in the wake of the gradual increase in Covid-19 cases. Minister of Medical and Health Department to go door to door and give corona booster dose. Harish Rao ordered the officials. The officials were advised to make plans in this regard. It is known that Corona Booster Dose (Covid-19 Vaccine) is already being provided free of cost in all government hospitals in Telangana.
Delhi covid cases: Corona alarmingly in Delhi.. positivity rate has increased by a lot - delhi records 366 new cases in 24 hours and covid positivity rate rises to 4 percent | Samayam Telugu. The increasing number of corona cases in Delhi is worrying the authorities. Positive cases are increasing massively since last week. Some schools have been temporarily closed as students and teachers have tested positive for the virus. Less than 100 cases were registered till four days ago, now it has crossed 300. Due to this, the Delhi government has taken strict measures. An announcement was released on Friday that the precautionary dose will be provided free of charge
Covid 4th Wave: Corona cases and deaths have increased again in India.. How many have been recorded in the last 24 hours..? | COVID 19 India reports 14,506 fresh cases and 30 deaths in the last 24 hours | TV9 Telugu. Compared to yesterday, the number of cases increased by 2,717 cases and 3 deaths.
Bhadrachalam Floods, Bhadradri: Boat overturns in bhadradri kothagudem godavari rescue operations 1 missing - Samayam Telugu . Bhadrachalam Floods: In Bhadradri Kothagudem district, there has been a misunderstanding in relief efforts in Godavari flood affected areas. A boat carrying flood victims capsized.
Madhya Pradesh Shocker: Jail in a rape case, released on bail and again raped the same young woman with a friend, blackmailed to withdraw the case by making a video | Telugu. A man who was released on bail after being arrested in a 2020 rape case sexually assaulted the same victim with a knife. This terrible incident took place in Jabalpur district of Madhya Pradesh (Madhya Pradesh Shocker).
Tarnaka Family Suicide Case Update: Shocking facts are coming to light in the incident in which four people died in the apartment of Tarnaka Rupali which created a sensation in Telangana. Vijay Pratap, who lost his father at a young age, grew up with his mother Chatuna. After studying higher education, he established himself in a good level, but he could not give up the principle that he should do whatever he wanted to do. The police initially concluded that the bet had led him to commit suicide by killing three people with him.
Telangana Corona News : How many new corona cases in Telangana.. - 10TV Telugu . 8 lakh 37 thousand 227 Covid positive cases have been registered in the state till today.. 8 lakh 32 thousand 411 people have recovered. The number of corona active cases in the state has reduced to 705.
Reduced spread of Corona in India India reports 1007 new covid cases in 24 hours; 26 more died with virus. While the Covid recovery rate in India is 98.76 percent, the percentage of active cases has reduced to 0.03 percent.
Beach-cleaning-punishment-for-drunkards-in-visakhapatnam Beach cleaning punishment: No matter how many people are told not to drive under the influence of alcohol, some people ignore it. No matter how many awareness programs are conducted for drug addicts, the result is zero. Visakha court thought a little differently with this. After thinking whether there will be any change in them, she finally gave an innovative verdict.
Tragic incident in Kannur Kerala. Kerala: Two including a pregnant woman were burnt alive in a car fire
Two out of every three are mentally stressed.. This is the situation in the country after Corona-Namasthe Telangana. All Indians, whether young, middle-aged or old, suffer from mental stress. Two out of every three of the country's population suffer from mental stress. These facts have come to light in the 'New Saridan Headache Survey'. Several key points were mentioned in this report released on Tuesday.
Fire in the apartment.. 14 people burned alive.. Many people trapped!, fire-accident-in-dhanbad-jharkhand-8-people-died. A huge fire broke out in the apartment. 14 people died in this incident. Where did this incident happen?
Tractor Explosion in Nagarkurnool : Drilling tractor exploded.. two killed in drilling tractor explosion hajipur in nagarkurnool district. Two Died in Tractor Explosion in Nagarkurnool No one can predict what will happen in any minute they were going to the neighboring village to do drilling work as usual, meanwhile the tractor tire exploded and they became dismembered. One died and another got serious injuries and was shifted to Acchampet area hospital for better treatment and died while undergoing treatment. While going from Hajipur village to Padara village for drilling, this accident took place in the middle of the road. It has been found that a case has been registered and investigation is underway
Slightly reduced Corona cases.. Increased deaths. Covid Cases In India: Corona cases have decreased slightly in the country. 2,259 new cases were registered and 20 people lost their lives due to the pandemic. The number of recoveries has reached 98.75 percent.
India Corona: New cases of Corona are increasing.. Increasing active cases, deaths. 5,676 new corona cases have been reported in India in the last 24 hours. The total number of active cases has reached 37093. However..compared to Monday..cases decreased slightly on Tuesday. 5,880 new cases were reported on Monday. 5,357 new cases were reported on Sunday. Looking at the states... Kerala has the highest number of active cases at 13,745. It is followed by Maharashtra (4,667), Delhi (2,338), Tamil Nadu (2,099), Gujarat (1932), Haryana (1928), Karnataka (1673), Uttar Pradesh (1282).
physics teacher love, young boy committed suicide in hyderabad due to physics teacher time pass love - Samayam Telugu . There are many girls who have been harassed in the name of love.. but it is noteworthy that girls were the cause of suicide of two young men in Andhra Pradesh. Before the incident of BTech student suicide in Vijayawada due to timepass love is forgotten, another youth committed suicide has now become a sensation. She came close in the name of love.. and used her boyfriend commercially to cohabitate. With this.. the plate was asked to return the money given earlier. With this.. in the end..
Dengue fever: 243 people affected by dengue: three died - Andhrajyothy. Three people died of dengue fever in the state. Viral fevers are spreading across the state for a few days.
Mocha Cyclone Effect: 29 people died.. A large number of property was damaged.. Heavy rain, strong winds. Cyclone Mocha: Cyclone Mocha continues to rage. Several districts of Bengal including Kolkata are experiencing strong gales since Monday evening. There was a traffic jam in the city for hours in the evening. The first gust of wind blew at 5.41 pm with a maximum speed of 81 kmph. Many trees and electricity poles were uprooted.
India covid 19 cases today country reports 4270 fresh coronavirus cases and 15 deaths |Covid 19 Cases Updates: The number of covid cases has increased again in the country.. How many new cases have been registered... National News in Telugu. The highest number of newly registered corona cases are Kerala with 1465 cases, Maharashtra with 1357 cases, Delhi with 405 cases, Karnataka with 222 cases and Haryana with 144 cases.
Corona cases in Telangana. It has been revealed in the health bulletin released by the government that 28 cases have been registered in the last 24 hour.
Reactor exploded in Nallagonda district.. One person died. Nallagonda: A major fire incident took place in Veliminedu of Chityala mandal. A reactor exploded at Hindis Chemical Company on Wednesday evening. One person died and four others were seriously injured in this accident. Huge flames are blowing. Firefighters are working hard to control the fire. The locals are getting worried as the flames are rising. Police are evacuating people from nearby areas.
Fire in Maldives.. Nine Indians killed| A huge fire broke out in the Maldives. Ten people have been killed so far in a fire that broke out in a building in the Maldivian capital Male, local officials said. Nine of the dead were Indians and one was said to be from Bangladesh.
corona updates in Telangana: 457 new corona cases in Telangana state | Corona Updates in Telangana: Worry about the virus in Telangana.. How many cases of Corona are there recently..! News in Telugu. Corona Updates in Telangana: Corona disturbance continues across the country. The cases are increasing day by day. Cases are doubling in Maharashtra, Kerala, Delhi and other areas.
covid 4th wave, the threat of corona is looming again.. cases have increased significantly.. even deaths..! - covid 4th wave alert in India last 24 hours 20 thousand above cases filed - Samayam Telugu. Recently, 4.50 lakh people were tested for Covid-19 across the country and 20,038 people were diagnosed positive. On Thursday too, 20,038 cases were reported across the country. With this, the positivity rate has been recorded as 4.44 percent. So far, 4.37 crore people have been affected by the epidemic, the Union Health Department announced on Friday.
Four foreigners are Covid positive in Bihar .Corona is under control in our country. 196 new cases were reported across the country on Sunday. The recovery rate is 98.8 percent. That means infected with virus
Indore temple tragedy, Indore: Tragedy during Navami celebrations... 13 dead after falling into well of Indore Beleshwar Mahadev temple ,temple floor collapses - Samayam Telugu . Indore: Devotees who went to the Sri Rama Navami festival in the temple accidentally fell into the well and lost their lives. The incident took place in Indore, Madhya Pradesh on Thursday. Due to the narrowness of the temple premises, the devotees sat on the roof of the well there. As so many people were sitting beyond their capacity, the flooring could not support their weight and suddenly the flooring sagged and collapsed. 17 others were evacuated safely.
Andhra Telangana national and international news live updates 7th June 2022 - Jubilee Hills case: CP Anand press meet.. key details come to light. Corona virus is once again booming in Maharashtra. 1881 new cases were reported there on Tuesday. 878 people have recovered from Corona. However, it is a relief that not even a single corona death has been registered. A 31-year-old woman from Pune was diagnosed with BA5 variant.
Corona new cases in Telangana |ap7am. The daily number of corona cases in Telangana has once again crossed a thousand.
A three-year-old child was abducted from Vijayawada railway station. Girl Kidnap: The incident of kidnapping of a three-year-old girl by an unknown woman at the Vijayawada railway station has created a stir. On the complaint of the parents, the police registered a case of kidnapping and conducted a search through three special teams.
Severe violence in West Bengal Panchayat elections.. 37 people died and dozens were injured. West Bengal panchayat: Union Minister Nishit Abedant severely criticized Mamata Banerjee's government for the violence that took place during the panchayat elections in West Bengal. Abedt described the election as a 'festival of death' rather than a festival of the Republic. He alleged that the Trinamool Congress government had not provided accurate official figures on the deaths during the elections. 'This (deaths, election violence) should not have happened. Elections are the festival of the Republic but this time panchayat elections in Bengal have become the festival of death. The state government will also disclose the official statistics on how many people have lost their lives since the panchayat elections were announced in Bengal.
India's Active caseload: 5,747 new cases of Corona in the country.Currently 46,848 active cases - 10TV Telugu . According to the Central Medical and Health Department, 5,747 new corona cases have been registered in Telangana. It explained that 5,618 people have recovered from Corona yesterday. It said that 46,848 people are currently undergoing treatment for Corona in hospitals/home quarantines in the country. The daily positivity rate is said to be 1.69 percent. It said the positivity rate for the weekend was 1.74 percent. At present the recovery rate is 98.71 percent.
Maharashtra train accident, Maharashtra: two trains collided.. three bogies derailed.. 53 people injured - passenger train collides with goods train in Gondia of Maharashtra - Samayam Telugu . A major disaster has been averted in Maharashtra. Due to a technical error, there was a signal problem and the trains came across the same tracks. Two trains collided. Three bogies derailed. 53 people were injured in this incident. 13 people were seriously injured. They were immediately taken to the hospital. It happened around midnight. After learning about the matter, higher officials and railway staff reached the spot.
Venomous snake bit two brothers and killed them in two days. A tragedy took place in Balrampur district of Uttar Pradesh. Two brothers of the same family died of snakebite within two days. This incident caused a stir locally.
Delhi police helmet video, Gatti Pindame.. went to the brink of death.. came out unharmed - biker saved by his helmet twice within seconds in accident on road - Samayam Telugu . Delhi Police (Delhi Police Tweet) shared a video on Twitter. Now that video will go viral on social media in a range. Talking about the greatness of helmets.. It is a video of a bike accident. One of them survived the accident on the road without breaking the bank. Just because he had a helmet, he survived. That's why the police shared the video, saying that God will protect those who wear helmets.
Tomato flu cases increasing in India 108 cases recorded Tomato Flu: Tomato flu is disturbing in the country..Increasing daily cases..! News in Telugu. Tomato Flu: Another virus is causing a stir in India. The number of cases is doubling day by day.
Three killed in a serious road accident in Warangal district.
Telangana Corona News : How many new corona cases in Telangana.. - 10TV Telugu . 8 lakh 37 thousand 696 Covid positive cases have been registered in the state till today.. 8 lakh 32 thousand 904 people have recovered. The number of corona active cases in the state has reduced to 681.
Lucknow | A cylinder exploded in a hotel in Lucknow.. One person died.. Another was seriously injured. Hotel caught fire due to leaking gas cylinder
Norovirus in Kerala: Norovirus again in Kerala, officials found norovirus in 19 students, all the registered cases are children.. | While COVID-19 is under control in India..19 Norovirus cases in Kerala (Norovirus Detected in 19 Students in Kerala) have caused concern. Although this is not the first time that the virus has been detected in the southern state, the high rate of infection is cause for concern as all the cases reported so far are children. Norovirus in Kerala: Norovirus in Kerala again, officials found norovirus in 19 students, all the registered cases were children...
40 female students fell ill after eating contaminated food. 40 girls get sick after lunch: For the past few years, students are falling ill due to eating contaminated food in the hostels. However, there are allegations of neglect by government officials. Recently, an incident has been reported where 40 female students fell ill due to consumption of contaminated food in Kasturba Girls Hostel in Anantapur district.
New cases of corona have come down to 4 thousand - Visalandhra. The spread of Corona in the country is gradually coming under control. The Ministry of Family Health has said that 4,417 new cases have been registered in the last 24 hours. While 22 people have lost their lives due to the virus, 6,032 victims have recovered from the virus. Including the new cases, the total number of cases in the country has reached 4,44,66,862. Out of this 4,38,86,496 people have recovered. So far 5,28,030 people have died due to the virus. Currently there are 52,336 active cases in the country
Sister: Panipuri brought to life, young people who drove drunk on sisters! | Drunk and drive: Car crushes three sisters who were eating panipuri on roadside, one dead at Noida. - Telugu One India. Drunk and drive: Car crushes three sisters who were eating panipuri on roadside, one dead at Noida.
Fourth wave alert: India logs 9,062 fresh covid-19 cases, 36 deaths in last 24 hours | Fourth wave Scare; Constant spread of Corona in the country... how many new cases? National News in Telugu. India Covid-19 Updates: The spread of Corona in the country is continuing steadily. 9,062 new covid cases were reported. 36 people lost their lives due to the virus.
Mancherial brothers death: Tragedy.. Two brothers died of heart attack in a gap of just three hours in Mancherial district | Samayam Telugu. Two brothers passed away within hours.. knowing that the younger brother had died of a heart attack.. the elder brother went there and got a heart attack. The doctors said that he died soon after he was rushed to the hospital.
African Swine Flu: 190 pigs killed so far in Wayanad, Kerala. An outbreak of African swine flu in Wayanad district of Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala has so far killed 190 pigs in two pig farms.
Norovirus | Noro virus in Kerala.. 19 students are positive..! . Noro virus has created havoc in the state of Kerala. 19 students of a private school in Kakkanad in Ernakulam district have been infected with Noro virus.
Corona cases exceeding 3 thousand again in India; cases rise in Delhi . - Telugu One India. In the last 24 hours, 3,205 new Covid-19 cases were reported in India. 31 people died due to corona.
Covid cases: 556 new corona cases registered in the country - 10TV Telugu . According to the Central Medical and Health Department, 556 new corona cases have been registered in the country. With this, the number of corona cases registered in the country so far is 4,46,68,523. It said that active cases have decreased by 252 from yesterday to 6,782. Yesterday, a total of 17 people died in the country due to Corona, and 15 of them were from Kerala.
2006 Varanasi bomb blast case: 2006 Varanasi bomb blast case: Waliullah Khan sentenced to death, life imprisonment after being found guilty - Telugu Oneindia .  A court on Monday sentenced Waliullah Khan to death and life imprisonment for the 2006 Varanasi serial blasts case. The accused was convicted in the Varanasi bomb blast case in which 18 people were killed and more than 100 injured.
Fire in Delhi: Only one narrow staircase... Building has no fire NOC' - BBC News Telugu . A major fire broke out in a commercial building in Mundka on the outskirts of West Delhi on Friday evening. It is confirmed that 27 people died in this incident.
Amit Shah | Amit Shah Sabha in Navi Mumbai.. 11 dead-Namasthe Telangana. The number of people who died of heat stroke at the meeting held by Union Home Minister Amit Shah in Navi Mumbai (Maharashtra) has reached 11.
493 new corona in Telangana . The daily number of corona cases in Telangana is gradually increasing. In the last 24 hours, 29,084 corona tests were conducted
How safe is Hyderabad from earthquakes? - BBC News Telugu. Due to frequent earthquakes in India, property and life are being lost. According to the calculations of the World Data Service, between 1950 and 2021, there were 71 earthquakes with a magnitude of 3.8 on the Richter scale.
More than 10 thousand corona cases in the country - Visalandhra. The number of corona positive cases in the country increased again on Wednesday. New cases which have been declining for two days have once again been reported above 10 thousand. The Union Health Department announced on Wednesday that 10,542 people have been infected with the virus across the country in the last 24 hours. It has been revealed that the number of active cases in the country has crossed 63 thousand. As compared to other regions, new cases are reported in Delhi, the capital of the country, and the positivity rate
Biggest Train tragedy and train accidents in India : These are the biggest railway accidents in the country.. . India Train Accidents: The Odisha train accident shocked the entire country. A terrible accident took place when three trains collided. So far 278 people have lost their lives in this accident. It was one of the worst train accidents in the history of Indian Railways. On June 6, 1981, over 750 passengers were killed when a train plunged into the river while crossing a bridge over the Bagmati River in Bihar. These are the worst train accidents in the history of the country.
Mother and daughter were poured petrol and set on fire.. Two died.. Students attacked the pregnant teacher. An assailant poured petrol on the house and set it on fire for turning away after trying to rape. Mother and daughter were burnt alive in this incident. An atrocity took place in Bihar's Alwar. In another incident in Assam, students attacked a teacher who was five months pregnant.
Uyyuru Foundation announces Rs.20 Laksh to Deceased in Guntur Stampede | Webdunia Telugu. A stampede took place at the Chandranna gifts distribution program organized by Uyyuru Charitable Foundation in Guntur. Three people lost their lives in this incident. A woman named Ramadevi died on the spot, while women named Rajyalakshmi and Syed Asima passed away while undergoing treatment at the hospital. - Uyyuru Foundation announces Rs.20 Laksh to Deceased in Guntur Stampede
India Covid-19 Update | Corona cases have decreased in the country.. What is new? New Delhi: Yesterday's huge increase in the number of cases in the country has decreased today. The Ministry of Family Health has said that 1,247 new cases have been recorded in the last 24 hours. It said that the cases have decreased by 43 percent compared to yesterday. Other deaths have also reduced drastically. One person died in the last 24 hours due to Corona. Recently 928 victims have recovered and been discharged. The total number of positive cases in the country including the latest cases […]
A terrible fire in the hospital.. 8 people died.. Many people were injured. Jabalpur hospital fire: A fire broke out in a private hospital in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh. Eight people died in this accident and nine others were injured.
Rbi estimates India will recover from covid 19 losses in 12 years ak, RBI: It will take 12 years for India to recover from the clutches of Corona.. RBI reveals – News18 Telugu . RBI: Even after two years, economic activity has rarely reached pre-Covid levels, RBI said.
Is infection the same reason for six babies? Six Women suffer infection in Jagtial: Before the incident of death of four women due to family planning operations  is forgotten.. the incident of infection of six infants in Jagitial Mata Shishu Parkansan Hospital has come to light. The infants are accusing the negligence of the doctors for this.
IPL 2022: One More Delhi Capitals player tests positive for Covid 19 | Another person in the Delhi team is corona positive. Today's match is postponed! Sports News in Telugu. IPL 2022, DC vs PBKS: One More Covid 19 case in Delhi Capitals. Corona virus epidemic is not leaving the Delhi Capitals team. Recently, another player seems to have been infected with the virus.
Sidhi Road Accident: 12 killed while going to and from Amit Shah Sabha, fatal road accident in Madhya Pradesh, Rs. Shivraj Singh Chauhan who announced financial assistance of 10 lakhs LatestLY Telugu . A fatal road accident took place in the state of Madhya Pradesh. A speeding truck rammed into three parked buses. 12 people died and 39 people were injured in this accident. Ten of them are in serious condition. Union Home Minister Amit Shah was returning from a public meeting when the accident took place.
Bike collided with DCM in Bhuvanagiri.. 3 killed. Bhuvanagiri | A road accident took place in Yadadri Bhuvanagiri district. A speeding DCM lost control and hit a bike at Hanmapuram in Bhuvanagiri mandal. As a result, three died on the spot
North korea supreme kim jong un suffering with covid 19 and the condition is critical ak, Kim Jong Un: Is Kim fighting with Corona? Is the situation that serious?– News18 Telugu. Kim Jong Un: Kim's sister accused South Korea of allowing the spread of the Corona virus in North Korea. They said that the corona infection is spreading due to the parcels sent to South Korea filled with balloons.
Students suffering from strange problems.. what happened? . Seven girls ill at school: Seven girls fell ill in that school. He collapsed suddenly and had difficulty breathing. The sick girls were shifted to PHC. The four girls who were having trouble breathing were taken to the Kakinada Government Hospital in two ambulances as there was only one oxygen facility in the hospital. Criticism is pouring in on the actions of the teachers who have kept the subject of the incident a secret.
2 thousand more new covid cases in the country.. reduced deaths. Covid Cases In India: Corona cases have decreased slightly in the country. While 2,022 new cases were registered, 46 more people lost their lives due to the pandemic. The number of recoveries has reached 98.75 percent.
Corona cases increased in Telangana. 658 people have become healthy... Corona in Telangana.. Recovery rate is 98.92 percent
Tragedy at the birthday celebration... A fatal road accident near Rajahmundry, three youths died. A friend's birthday celebration near Rajahmundry turned tragic due to a road accident. Three youths died in a car accident, while the condition of three others is critical.
Two people died of H3N2 fever in India.. What kind of virus is this? What precautions should be taken? | India records first two persons died of H3N2 flu in haryana and karnataka know virus symptoms and precautions nk – News18 Telugu . H3N2 : As if there are enough diseases in our country, another one has come. This is nothing new. But it killed both of them. It is not known how many more people will be killed. Let's know how to deal with it and what precautions to follow.
Eyes full of light.. Eye examinations for 1,91,993 people in the district-Namasthe Telangana. With the aim of preventing vision defects, the state government's ambitious second free eye light program is getting an unexpected response in Vikarabad district. This program which started on 19th January is continuing successfully in the district.
Claw throwing corona.. | Tajavarthalu. The corona epidemic is again spreading its claws in the country. 12,213 new cases have been registered in the last 24 hours. Concerns are being raised whether the increasing number of cases is a sign of a fourth wave. On the other hand, 7,624 people have recovered in the last 24 hours and 11 people have died. Currently there are 58,215 active cases in the country. Of the new cases, 4,024 are from Maharashtra... from Kerala...
India reports 19,406 fresh cases: 19,406 new corona cases in the country.. Karnataka CM is corona positive - 10TV Telugu . According to the Union Health Department, 19,406 new corona cases have been registered in the country. Also, it explained that 19,928 people have recovered from Corona in the last 24 hours. It explained that the number of people who have recovered from Corona in the country so far has reached 4,34,65,552. Currently there are 1,34,793 active cases in the country.
Two people died due to lightning in Srikakulam district. Srikakulam district received heavy rain with gale force winds. Along with the rain, three people were killed in different places due to thunderbolts in many areas.
Gujarat Earthquake | Two minor earthquakes shook Gujarat.. for the fifth time in a week..!-Namasthe Telangana . Gujarat Earthquake | Minor earthquakes are causing panic in the state of Gujarat. It is known that an earthquake (Earthquake) occurred in the Rajkot area with a magnitude of 4.3 around 3:21 pm on Sunday. Meanwhile, two more earthquakes shook the state on Monday morning.
581 new corona cases, virus creeping into villages Prabha News. Hyderabad, Andhraprabha: Corona outbreak continues day by day in the state. Recently, 581 new corona cases have been reported across the state. With this, the total number of corona cases registered in Telangana so far is 8, 14...
Rape case: Ten more arrested in Guntur girl rape case. Guntur girl rape case: Police have arrested ten more people in the case of rape of a girl that created a sensation in Guntur district. A total of 74 people were arrested in the case of tricking the girl into prostitution.
Monkeypox: Centre's key decision.. Invitation of tenders for vaccine development - NTV Telugu . Monkeypox Cases In India: Monkeypox cases are increasing all over the world. More than 18 thousand cases have already been registered in 78 countries. Meanwhile, four cases have come to light in India as well. Along with three people from Kerala, one person was infected with monkeypox in Delhi. At present, all of them are in isolation and undergoing treatment. Meanwhile, the monkeypox virus was isolated for the first time in the country by the Indian Council of Medical Research-National Institute of Virology in Pune.
Covid Cases : Corona in the national capital.. Increased Covid cases in Delhi - NTV Telugu . Corona virus is once again booming in the country. Corona cases are increasing in many states across the country. Recently, Corona cases have increased at a record level in the capital of the country, Delhi. 509 fresh covid cases reported in Delhi today.
jammu kashmir flash floods, Jammu and Kashmir: Inundating floods.. Three who were washed away - flash floods hit surankote of jammu kashmir - Samayam Telugu Flash floods occurred in Suran Kot in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir on Sunday. Due to the lack of proper drainage system in the town, there are flash floods. Three people were washed away due to these floods. Besides, heavy water entered the shops and houses. Many vehicles were washed away. Many houses and shops were flooded. The goods were damaged. With this, holidays were also announced for educational institutions.
Increasing spread of corona virus.. 19 girls are positive in hostels. New Delhi: Corona virus cases are increasing in India. 19 girls living in a hostel in Chhattisgarh have tested positive for corona. It is in this order that the incompetent authorities have taken action. The staff of the health department conducted a corona test for the students in the hostel as a precaution.
Floods in Jammu and Kashmir.. 11 tourists missing! . Jammu Kashmir floods: Floods occurred in Jammu Kashmir. 11 tourists and two tourist guides were trapped in the floods in Pahalgam. Many national highways were washed away due to heavy rains. Landslides occurred in some other places.
odisha lightnings, Baboy this is a rain of thunder.. 5,450 lightning strikes in half an hour.. five people died - over 5000 lightning strikes in 30 minutes and five killed in odisha - Samayam Telugu. The people of Odisha were shocked by the thunder that rained for half an hour. Five people lost their lives due to thunderbolts. The incident took place on Wednesday evening in Basudevapur of Bhadrak district. Meteorological department experts said that this happens when cumulonimbus clouds are exposed to friction. He said that similar incidents have happened in the past. The IMD official said that the radar center has state-of-the-art technology to detect every lightning strike.
priest dies of snake bite while catching in kruthivennu gudidibba village in krishna district - Samayam Telugu . Krishna District: He belongs to a family that says not to kill snakes. Doing the priesthood inherited from his father.. He used to spend his life telling good and bad to four people.. He was bitten by a snake in an unexpected way and died. They came to native place to celebrate the Dussehra festival. This incident, which took place in Gudidibba village of Krithivennu mandal in Krishna district, filled the local area with sadness. The details of the incident are as follows
Spurious Liquor Tragedy: Death toll reaches 70 Spurious Liquor Tragedy | The number of adulterated liquor deaths in Bihar's Saran district continues to rise. The deaths started five days ago
4,255 new corona cases in Maharashtra... more than 20,000 active cases. Mumbai: Corona cases are increasing in Maharashtra. 4,255 new positive cases were reported on Thursday. This is the first time since February 12 that the registration of corona cases in the state has increased to this level. With this, the number of active corona cases in Maharashtra has reached 20,634 and the total number of corona cases has reached 79,23,697. Meanwhile, the health department of the state said that three people have died due to Corona in the last 24 hours. BA5 variant corona virus cases are another
6337 people died due to accidents in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana - Samayam Telugu . Thousands of people died due to road accidents in Telugu states. In 2021, 6,337 people died in Telugu states in road accidents across the country.
Secunderabad protest: 1 dead in police firing... 8 people treated at Gandhi Hospital - Agnipath Protests at Secunderabad railway station updates: 1 dead, 8 injured after police fire | Samayam Telugu. Agnipath Protest: The protest at the Secunderabad railway station against the Agnipath scheme brought by the Center turned violent. The police resorted to baton charge and tear gas to stop the protesters. However, the situation did not get under control and the police opened fire as stones were thrown at the police. One person was injured in the firing and died. 8 others were injured. They protested again saying that they are not afraid of lathi charge or firing.
Hunger Deaths: Two daughters commit suicide due to mother's death. Locals say hunger and illness are the reason 3 lives died of hunger in Aligarh! Mother's death..helpless 2 daughters committed suicide in Aligarh Uttar Pradesh | TV9 Telugu. The cause of death of three was said to be hunger and illness. They said that they did not have proper food to eat.. So they used to fill their stomachs with the food given by their neighbours.. They used to give them bread and curries to eat..
Gas cylinder exploded in anthill-Namasthe Telangana. Three persons were killed due to an accidental gas cylinder explosion in a hut in Cheemalapadu, Karepalli mandal of Khammam district. Four others were seriously injured. The accident took place a short distance from the meeting premises of the BRS Party Atmiya Sammelan on Wednesday. CM KCR expressed shock and sorrow over this incident.
In Telangana, 396 people have been infected with Corona ap7am. In the last 24 hours, 24,938 corona tests were conducted in Telangana and 396 people were diagnosed positive. In Hyderabad..
40 passengers were trapped in a huge landslide. Uttarakhand.. A huge landslide occurred in Najang Tamba village of Pithorgarh district. This caused the locals to panic. The whole area was covered with dust. Najang Tamba village and seven surrounding villages were stopped. At the same time, 40 passengers who were going to Manasasarovaram were trapped in Chamba village due to a landslide.
India Corona Cases: Corona is decreasing in the country.. 1968 new positive cases - 10TV Telugu. The corona epidemic is gradually decreasing. In the last 24 hours, 1968 new corona cases have been reported. While 3,481 people have recovered from the virus, seven others have died.
Another 462 people in Telangana have Corona | ap7am. In the last 24 hours, 25,518 corona tests were conducted in Telangana and 462 positive cases were revealed. Highest in Hyderabad 259..
Corona is increasing in the country.. 15815 new corona cases | NTV - YouTube. Corona is increasing in the country.. 15815 new corona cases | NTV Watch Ntv Live Here: https://bit.ly/3oOwgrXWatch all the LIVE & Exclusive Press meets of Telangana...
hospital fire accident, fire accident in hospital.. six people including doctor couple died - jharkhand tragedy: doctor couple, 4 others killed in nursing home fire accident in dhanbad - Samayam Telugu . Jharkhand Hospital Fire Accident: The midnight accident in the hospital filled with great sadness. Six people, including the doctor's couple, were killed. The incident took place on Saturday night in Dhanbad town of Jharkhand.
Madhya Pradesh car accident. New couple burnt alive. After hitting a tree, the car burst into flames and four people, including a newly married couple, were burnt alive. This incident took place on Wednesday morning.
25 people died in Kanpur city alone due to cold in Uttar Pradesh. Doctors said that these deaths occurred due to sudden rise in blood pressure due to severe cold, heart attacks and brain attacks
Fire accident in Vijayawada - Two killed..!! | Two died in fire crackers shop blast at Vijayawada - Telugu Oneindia .
Andhra Pradesh: Why can't a series of accidents be prevented in fireworks manufacturing centers... Who is responsible and what needs to be done? - BBC News Telugu. A series of firework accidents are causing a stir in Andhra Pradesh. Two accidents happened within a span of 20 days.
Congress MLA's son-in-law: Congress MLA's son-in-law arrested for speeding, killing six - Telugu Oneindia Gujarat Congress MLAs son-in-law booked after his SUV kills 6 people. A terrible road accident took place in the state of Gujarat. The son-in-law of a Congress MLA who drove a car at high speed caused the death of six people. Two people died on the spot when a Kia Seltos car collided with an auto and a bike at high speed.
Assam Floods: Flood disaster in Assam.. 9 people died.. Impact on 6 lakh people. Assam Floods:  Floods: Floods affected more than 6 lakh people in 27 districts of Assam, killing 9 people. The water level in the rivers is constantly rising
Booming H3N2 virus.. One person died in Karnataka..!! - MicTv.in - Telugu News.
Two buses caught fire-Namasthe Telangana. A fire broke out in another bus which came to evacuate the bus which had stopped due to a technical fault.
Telangana records 512 new covid 19 cases on july 14 - Samayam Telugu . Telangana Covid Cases: Once again more than 500 cases of corona have been reported in Telangana. While 512 Covid cases were registered on Thursday, 293 people were found to be infected with Corona in Hyderabad city itself. Around 50 cases of Covid cases have been reported in Rangareddy and Medchal districts, which are almost merged with Hyderabad city.
Not only corona cases.. the number of dead has also increased! | ap7am. Corona cases have increased again in the country. 16,906 positive cases have been reported in the last 24 hours. Compared to the previous day..
Another monkeypox case in Delhi..Total 8 cases.. . Monkeypox is creating a stir in the country. Another new case has been reported in Delhi, taking the total number of cases to three, Third Monkeypox Case In Delhi, 8 In India So Far
COVID-19 cases | COVID-19 cases increasing in Kerala.. Health Department Alerting Districts-Namasthe Telangana. COVID-19 cases | Rapidly rising coronavirus cases in the state. The number of newly registered cases has been escalating over the past few days. Even on Tuesday, 172 new individuals tested positive for COVID-19.
A booming corona? Outbreak from one to 9 people in Mumbai? | corona once again booming in India.. spread from one to 9 persons in mumbai - Telugu Oneindia .
Railways Report On Odisha Train Tragedy: Odisha train accident was due to human error, railway report reveals sensational facts, what is in the report? |  LatestLY Telugu . Exactly a month ago on June 2, 293 people were killed and over a thousand injured in an accident involving three trains in Balasore district of Odisha. However, the Commissioner for Railway Safety (CRS) report has clarified that human error is the cause of this accident. Signaling department personnel were held responsible for this huge accident.
Sub variant case in Maharashtra.. more concern | Maharashtra Reports First Cases Of New Omicron Sub-Variants - Telugu Oneindia . four patients of B.A. 4 variant and three cases of B.A. 5 variants of the Omicron sub-lineage of coronavirus have been found in Maharashtra. New variant cases of corona keep coming in the country. First it came in Telangana.. then it is coming in other states. Four cases of BA 4 variant in Maharashtra... 3 cases of BA 5 variant have come to light in Maharashtra.
My wife is missing.. My sister is missing.. . New Delhi: It is known that 27 people died in the fire accident that happened in Mundka building in Delhi on Friday. However, the NDRF stated that the search was carried out in the three-storey commercial building. And their relatives are waiting for those missing in that building accident. A person complained that his sister was not visible. A man named Ismail, who was at the building where the accident took place, complained that his sister was missing.
Dealing with Corona. 403 new cases have been registered in the state, 240 new cases have been registered in the city of Hyderabad, the medical department has issued a warning for precautionary measures. Hyderabad, June 21 (Namaste Telangana): Corona has suddenly exploded in the state. In a single day, the number of new cases and the positivity rate increased tremendously. On Tuesday, 403 people tested positive across the state. While there were 246 cases on Monday, an additional 157 cases were reported in a single day. The positivity rate is also from 1.19 percent
Serious road accident.. Jeep collided with truck, seven people died. Gandhinagar: A speeding jeep hit a stationary truck. Seven people lost their lives in this road accident. Many were seriously injured. The injured were shifted to a nearby hospital for treatment.
Four-children-died-in-government-children-home-in-lucknow. Four children died while receiving treatment in a government children's home. This incident took place in Uttar Pradesh. The authorities have issued show cause notices to the home superintendent. In another incident, a child was playing with a matchbox and went to the nearby barn. As a result, the child got caught in the fire and died on the spot. This heartbreaking incident took place in Chhattisgarh.
Trembling dengue. Dengue cases are increasing in the state. The disease is spreading rapidly in the capital Bhubaneswar. As of Friday, 3003 victims have been reported. The number of patients in Capital Hospital is increasing steadily. As there are not enough beds, patients are being treated on the floor.
Bathinda Military Station | Another jawan dies of bullet injury-Namasthe Telangana. Bathinda Military Station | It is known that there was a firefight in Bathinda Military Station in Punjab on Wednesday morning. Four jawans died in this incident. Meanwhile, Army officials revealed on Thursday that another jawan lost his life due to bullet injuries.
Corona Cases: More than 46 thousand active cases of Corona in the country - NTV Telugu. Corona cases in the country have decreased slightly. Compared to yesterday, 6,298 people have been diagnosed with corona virus from Thursday to Friday morning.
Road accident in Chittoor.. Three policemen killed.
Covid Cases in Maharashtra | Cases have doubled in 3 days in the country. 4,041 cases were recorded on Friday. This is the highest since March 11.
Coronavirus danger bells.. Then Delhi, now Bihar. So far the number of people who have been confirmed with Covid has reached 11. Medical officials say that all of them have been kept in isolation in hotel rooms. Thailand, Myanmar, Britain are among those infected with Corona.
Corona confusion.. Center's special meeting with state health ministers.. How many new cases? . The central government has become alarmed due to the emergence of a new variant of Covid in India. The Indian Medical Association has advised people to avoid public gatherings like weddings, political and social gatherings and international travel. Meanwhile, the Central Health Department has revealed that 163 people have been infected with Covid from Thursday morning to Friday morning.
BJP's hand behind the violence in Howrah - West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee's sensational allegations. West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has accused the BJP and other right-wing organizations of being behind the clashes that took place in Howrah, West Bengal during Sri Ram Navami celebrations. 31 people responsible for this incident have been arrested and she asked people to maintain peace and security.
The number of covid cases in the country is slightly reduced.. but still more than 8 thousand.. India Covid cases: Corona cases have decreased slightly in the country. Recently, 8,084 people have been infected with the virus. Ten people lost their lives due to the pandemic.
The husband had a quarrel with his wife and threw the two-year-old child from the third floor and jumped from there in Delhi. - Telugu One India. The husband had a quarrel with his wife and threw the two-year-old child from the third floor and jumped from there in Delhi.
Corona on the rise - 3,275 new cases | Prabha News. In the last 24 hours, 3,275 new corona cases have been registered in India. 3010 people have recovered from Corona and 55 people have died. Currently there are 19,719 active cases in the country. When Corona started
Jabalpur hospital: Massive fire accident in hospital: 8 dead, more than 10 injured - Telugu Oneindia .
TS Corona Cases: More than 600 corona cases in Telangana.. Huge increase in those districts - telangana records 608 covid 19 cases on july 16 - Samayam Telugu. TS Corona Cases: Once again more than 600 corona cases have been reported in Telangana. While 324 people were found positive in Hyderabad city, 61 cases were reported in Rangareddy and 47 in Medchal. Double digit cases were also found in Khammam, Nalgonda, Manchiryala and Adilabad districts.
Bathinda Army Camp Attack: Attack on an army camp in Punjab.. Four soldiers died. Bathinda Army Camp Attack: A firefight broke out at the Bathinda military station in Punjab. Four army jawans were killed in the firing on Wednesday morning. The accused were detained
Lumpy disease reached Karnataka.. Tension | 2,070 cattle died due to Lumpy Skin Disease in Karnataka. Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) has killed 2,070 cattle in Karnataka state and around 19,000 people have been affected, the state government said. Treatment of the cattle  who are suffering from this viral disease
AP ranks 3rd in farmer suicides, Kollu Ravindra said that everything CM Jagan says in the name of farmer assurance is a lie. All the announcements of thousands of crores of aid to the farmers were flagged as fraud. The state ranks 3rd in farmers' suicides in the country, so far 3 thousand farmers have committed suicide.
2,139 new corona cases in the country - Visalandhra. 2,139 new corona cases have been reported in the country. With this, the total number of cases has reached 4,46,18,533. Out of this 4,40,63,406 victims have recovered. So far 5,28,835 people have died. Another 26,292 cases are active. Meanwhile, the Central Health Department has revealed that 9 people have died in the last 24 hours and 3208 people have recovered from the virus. Out of the total cases, only 0.06 cases are active. The recovery rate was 98.75 percent and mortality was 1.2 percent
Fire accident in auto parts manufacturing company, heavy property damage. A massive fire broke out at an auto parts manufacturing plant in Gurugram, Haryana. A fire broke out in an industry in Bilaspur Industrial Area. On receiving the information, the firemen are trying to control the fire with 24 fire engines. Officials said there was no loss of life in the accident. However, it was initially estimated that heavy property damage had occurred
Maha Covid: There is a covid panic in Mumbai.. Cases have increased by 42 percent in one day.. In the last 24 hours, 1765 corona cases have been recorded in the city of Mumbai.
Seven people died 23 injured after tree falls on shed in Maharashtra Akola temple. Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis expressed shock over this incident. They have made it clear that they will support the affected families.
Uttar Pradesh Jail : Aids to inmates in Uttar Pradesh Jail... 26 at a time - 10TV Telugu . In a jail in UP, the inmates were infected with HIV. 26 inmates were tested positive for HIV in Barabanki district jail. Many such cases have come to light in the past as well.
535 people fell ill after drinking contaminated water in Hahirpur district of Himachal Pradesh. Fresh water distributed by the Jal Shakti Department has been contaminated in dozens of villages in the district.
79,057 people have been attacked by stray dogs in Bangalore in three years. Bangalore: Stray dogs are clawing at Bangalore. Official reports state that 79,057 people were attacked by stray dogs in the last three years. According to unofficial estimates, this number is much higher. Due to this, even walking in some streets of the city has become a scary environment
India Corona | Slightly increased covid cases. The spread of corona virus in the country is under control. In the last few days, new cases have been reported under 200. In the last 24 hours, 1,93,051 corona diagnostic tests have been conducted. This brings the total number of cases to 4,46,79,319. There are currently 2,554 active cases in the country. With three deaths in the last 24 hours, the total death toll has reached 5,30,710.
India Covid-19: Good news.. Corona cases and deaths have reduced drastically in the country.. How many yesterday.. | COVID 19 | India reports 2,288 fresh cases, 10 deaths in the last 24 hours TV9 Telugu. 919 cases have decreased compared to Saturday. In addition, 10 people died due to this epidemic
Cases are increasing in India.. Is the fourth wave coming? | India Reports 3,303 New Covid Cases and 39 deaths in 24 hours. The number of daily cases which was reported from more than two and a half thousand has now increased to three thousand. This is the fourth wave instructions
A tragedy happened in Uttar Pradesh. A husband tied his pregnant wife to a bike and dragged her on the road. The seriously injured woman is currently being treated in hospital in a critical condition. On the other hand, one  man took the  life of another man by beating him severely. This incident took place in Rajasthan. Three people died after falling into a dam in Gujarat during the festival.
20 more arrested in Amalapuram riots: DIG Amalapuram incident: DIG Palaraju clarified that 20 more people have been arrested in the Amalapuram riot incident. He said that 91 people have been detained so far, Section 144 and Police Act 30 are in force in Amalapuram.
China: Corona deaths started again in China. With the relaxation of restrictions, when the corona epidemic is booming in China, the deaths of covid have started again. Two people have lost their lives due to covid in Beijing. The Chinese are very worried about this development. People as well as medical experts are worried that this is the beginning of the death knell of Corona.
Corona Case:  9 deaths 4,518 New Corona Cases in India | Telugu News. Corona Cases: There are currently 25,782 Corona active cases across the country
Tragedy in Narayanapet district: One person died after drinking contaminated water, 11 people fell ill. Maddur mandal of Narayanapet district, Mominpur, polluted water fills the village with sadness. &nbsp;contaminated &nbsp;water drunk &nbsp; 17-year-old Anita died
Corona cases below a thousand for the second day in a row. Corona cases | For the second consecutive day, less than 1,000 were recorded in the country. After 196 days, 862 cases were reported on Tuesday and 830 more people tested positive. Thus the total in the country
india monkeypox: Monkeypox cases on the rise in the country: New case in Delhi adds to 9 - Telugu Oneindia . India reports Ninth monkeypox case as Nigerian woman tests positive in Delhi. Cases of monkeypox, which is shaking the world, are also steadily increasing in India. A 31-year-old Nigerian woman tested positive for monkeypox on Wednesday. This is the fourth case of virus reported in Delhi. Nine cases of monkeypox have been reported in India so far
Corona positive cases have increased again in china the virus has infected more than ten thousand people in 24 hours – News18 Telugu. Corona Alert: The virus worry has started again in the country where the Corona virus that shook the countries of the world was born. Even after two years of complete recovery from Covid, corona positive cases are again increasing in China.
COVID in India: 5676 new corona cases in the country, 14 deaths in the last 24 hours, number of active cases crossed 37 thousand  . For the third day in a row, fewer than 6,000 Covid-19 cases have been reported in India. According to the statistics released by the Union Health Ministry, 5676 corona cases were reported on Tuesday. At the same time, the number of active cases has crossed 37 thousand.
Telangana Corona News : Big Relief for Telangana.. Decrease in Daily Corona Cases - 10TV Telugu . Till date 8 lakh 31 thousand 874 Covid positive cases have been registered in the state.. 8 lakh 25 thousand 091 people have recovered. The number of corona active cases in the state has reduced to 2,672.
India Corona | 170 people are Covid positive in the country.. one died..! . The spread of corona virus in the country continues steadily. In the last 24 hours, 85,282 people have been tested. This brings the total number of cases to 4,46,80,094. Currently 2,371 cases are active in the country. Yesterday, one person died due to the epidemic. The total number of deaths reached 5,30,721.
Panipuri: Don't Eat Panipuri During Monsoon: Telangana DH . Typhoid cases are increasing due to eating Panipuri. All typhoid cases are Panipuri cases. 2,752 typhoid cases have been reported in Telangana this month alone. 6 thousand people were affected by diseases due to mosquitoes and water pollution
West Godavari: Fire in Fertilizers Factory.. Six people survived. A fire broke out in a fertilizer factory in Tadepalli Gudem of West Godavari district. Six workers survived the accident. One person seems to have died.
Corona cases are increasing day by day - Telugu Bullet. India reported 201 new cases of Covid-19 and one death in the last 24 hours, the Union Health Ministry said on Saturday. With the latest deaths, the virus
18,840 new positive cases in the country. New Delhi: The outbreak of Corona virus continues throughout the country. In the last 24 hours, 18,840 new positive cases have been registered and 43 people have died, the Union Health Department has revealed. Another 16,104 people have recovered from Corona. The number of active cases has reached 1,25,028. Daily positivity rate is 4.14 percent. So far 198 crore vaccine doses have been distributed
Two families.. Five suicides.. Tragedy in Bangalore. There is tragedy in Karnataka. Five people belonging to two different families committed suicide. Unable to bear the dowry harassment of her in-laws, a woman committed suicide along with her one-and-a-half-year-old child.
Guvwala Cheruvu Ghat is a mystery about the dead. Prabha News. Cuddapah - Crime, Prabha News: There is no suspicion behind the three dead bodies found in Guvvalacheruvu, they just died due to illness after drinking contaminated water, the district SP said that they were dumped there by their relatives.
Corona cases are not decreasing in Telangana. 484 people got infected with corona virus in a single day. No deaths occurred
kashmir earthquake, Earthquake two consecutive earthquakes within an hour. Earthquakes have been causing concern in Jammu and Kashmir region since last three days. Even though the intensity is low, the people are scared by the series of tremors. Recently, on Wednesday night too, two earthquakes occurred within an hour. Jammu and Kashmir also experienced six earthquakes on Tuesday. There was no loss of life or property due to this
Mocha Cyclone Effect: 145 people died.. Severe impact on 8 lakh people. Cyclone Mocha: India launched "Operation Karuna" to provide humanitarian aid to the people of Myanmar affected by Cyclone Mocha. Three ships with relief supplies have already arrived in Yangon. External Affairs Minister Jaishankar tweeted that India is extending a hand of friendship to the people of Myanmar affected by Cyclone Mocha. As part of Operation Karuna, three Indian Navy ships loaded with supplies have arrived in Yangon.
8th case of monkeypox in Delhi... Nigerian woman is positive. The number of monkeypox cases in the country has increased to 13. Out of this 8 cases have been registered in Delhi.
There has been a huge increase in covid deaths in the country. Corona Cases In India: Corona cases are increasing day by day in the country. 2,483 new people have tested positive. Another 1399 people succumbed to the virus
Bengaluru: A serious road accident took place in Karnataka. Nine people were killed and 23 others were injured in a collision between a lorry and a bus. The accident took place on Monday midnight at Tariha bypass on Pune-Bangalore highway in Hubli-Dharwad. A lorry carrying a load of rice from Kolhapur collided with a private travel bus. In the accident, the lorry driver, cleaner and another person were traveling in the bus
Corona turmoil in North Korea.. 21 people died of fever. North Korea | North Korea (North Korea) is trembling with fever. From the last week of April, the number of fevers in the country is increasing day by day. Six people died of fever on Thursday and one of them was diagnosed with Corona Omicron variant. Recently, 21 more people have died of the virus.
16 jawans died in Sikkim... CM KCR is deeply shocked. CM KCR | The Chief Minister was saddened by the loss of life and serious injuries when a vehicle carrying army officers and jawans on duty accidentally fell into a valley at Jaima in North Sikkim.
H3N2 Virus Spike | Increasing cases of H3N2 virus.. Schools closed in union territory-Namasthe Telangana. H3N2 Virus Spike | The H3N2 virus is booming. (H3N2 Virus Spike) The number of cases of this virus is increasing. Influenza cases have increased in the Union Territory of Puducherry. 79 cases were diagnosed positive for H3N2 virus
Covid cases: Corona active cases in country climb to 2,149: Kendra - 10TV Telugu Active Covid cases in country climb to 2,149. According to the Union Medical and Health Department, 218 new corona cases have been registered in the country. With this, the number of people currently undergoing treatment in hospitals/home quarantines has reached 2,149. It explained that five more people have died due to Corona, among them four are from Kerala and one is from Sikkim. - Covid Cases
Corona Cases: Covid cases reduced again in the country - NTV Telugu. Corona cases in the country have decreased slightly. Compared to yesterday, 5,747 people have been diagnosed with corona virus from Friday to Saturday morning.
Close to death.. The child is safe in the bridge accident.. But the parents.. The Morbi incident in Gujarat shocked the entire country. A British-era cable-stayed bridge collapsed, killing 135 people. The survival of a seven-year-old girl from this terrible tragedy is shocking to everyone. However, despite conquering death, the girl Harshi lost both her parents.
Corona cases have reduced drastically in the country.. Long covid threat for 4 months! . Covid Cases In India: Covid cases in India have reduced drastically. Recently 12,751 people have been affected by the virus. 16,412 people have recovered. Globally, the number of Covid cases has decreased slightly. However, the severity of the virus is high in Japan.
Chandrababu naidu, restrictions on Chandrababu's visit.. notices to Kuppam TDP leaders Restrictions have started on the visits of TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu in the state. It is known that the government has imposed restrictions in the wake of the death of 11 people in a stampede in Kandukur and Guntur of Nellore district.
People ran from their houses! . Gas leak in Bhopal, the capital of Madhya Pradesh.. Seven people fell ill. Officials said that chlorine has leaked from a cylinder in a water filter plant
Corona : Corona is increasing again.. How many new cases..! - Tolivelugu Tolivelugu - Latest Telugu Breaking News. Corona: Corona cases are increasing in Telangana. In the last 24 hours, 21,616 samples were tested and 441 people were diagnosed positive.
India Logs 5,233 Fresh Covid-19 Cases, 7 Deaths in Last 24 Hours | Fourth wave Scare: Corona cases have increased drastically in the country... How many new cases? National News in Telugu. COVID-19: There has been a huge rise in Covid cases in the country. About 40 percent more cases have come to light compared to the previous day.
Saudi Arabia: Travel restrictions on India.. also on 15 other countries! - Andhrajyothy. In the background of increasing Corona cases, Saudi Arabia has imposed travel restrictions on 16 countries including India. However, the number of corona active cases in India has come down to 14,832. On Tuesday, 2,022 cases and 46 deaths were reported across the country. Together with these, there are 4,31,38,393 cases in the country so far
Fourth wave alert: India logs 16,135 Corona cases, 24 deaths in last 24 hours | Fouth wave alert: Constant spread of Corona in the country.. How many cases are there? National News in Telugu. India Corona Update: Corona cases are continuing steadily in the country. Recently 16,135 people have been diagnosed as virus positive. Another 24 people died.
Central and state governments are shocked by the road accident. Nine people were killed and 15 others injured in a road accident at Annasagar  in Yellareddy mandal of Kamareddy district on Sunday. The state government has issued orders to provide better treatment to seriously injured patients in Nizamabad, Banswada and Yellareddy Hospitals.
Cases increased again in the country.. Deaths decreased. India Covid cases: Corona cases have increased massively in the country. Recently 8,582 people have been infected with the virus. Four people lost their lives due to the pandemic.
Beware of seasonal diseases. There is no fear of corona unless there is a new variant of typhoid which has been spreading across the state for the past two months. Director of Public Health Srinivasa Rao Hyderabad, July 12 (Namaste Telangana): Director of Public Health Dr. Srinivasa Rao advised people to be cautious as soon as the current heavy rains subside, there is a possibility of outbreak of seasonal diseases. Dengue cases in the state are increasing like in 2019, he said. 1,184 cases of dengue so far this year
china covid 19 cases: video: China Shanghai city like hell.. People's cries to leave - shanghai people cannot bear lockdown for weeks scream for wishing release watch video | Samayam Telugu. Shanghai Covid 19 Cases: China, which was able to contain Corona in Wuhan... is implementing strict restrictions to control it in Shanghai city. The lockdown is very strict. People can't afford it. They are crying out to  let go. A video of people screaming in the apartments is now going viral on social media. Those who saw it were afraid. Where is the world going...everything is ending, they are talking in a theological way.
Road accident in Miryalaguda.. Two killed. Nalgonda: A fatal road accident took place in Miryalaguda on Tuesday morning. A bike was hit by a car at Edukotla Tanda. As a result, two people on the bike died on the spot due to serious injuries. Another person was seriously injured and was taken to the hospital. However, the details of the deceased are not known. On receiving the information, the police reached the spot and examined the manner of the accident. A case has been registered and investigation is underway
Coronavirus: Corona is showing its teeth again.. 25 students are positive in that campus.. | Coronavirus: IIT Madras reports another 25 Covid19 cases, total tally at 55 | TV9 Telugu. India Covid-19: Corona epidemic, which was thought to have subsided, is showing its teeth again. Confirming the speculations of the fourth wave, positive cases are increasing rapidly in many states along with the national capital Delhi.
Telangana Covid News Update: Active cases of Corona have crossed 400 in Telangana Telangana Reports New 39 Covid Cases. 28 positive cases have been reported in Hyderabad. At the same time, another 28 people recovered from Covid within one day. No new corona deaths have been recorded. - Telangana Covid News Update
Telangana Corona News : Relief for Telangana.. Reduced Corona cases.. Increased recoveries - 10TV Telugu. Till date 8 lakh 33 thousand 231 covid positive cases have been registered in the state.. 8 lakh 26 thousand 704 people have recovered. The number of corona active cases in the state has reduced to 2 thousand 416.
Accident: A bike crashed into a culvert near Vanjangi.. One person died. ACCIDENT AT VANJANGI TOURIST PLACE : Two youths who came to see the tourist place met with a road accident. In the early morning, youths coming on bikes could not see the culvert under construction due to snow and fell directly into it. The incident took place in Alluri district.
How many HIV cases were registered during the lockdown period? . New Delhi: More than 85,000 cases of HIV have been reported due to unprotected sex during the lockdown imposed by the central government last year to control the corona virus in the country. Maharashtra is at the top. Chandra Shekhar Gaur, an activist from Neemuch in Madhya Pradesh, sought the data through the Right to Information Act (RTI). The National AIDS Control Organization said that 85,268 cases of AIDS were reported due to unsafe sex during the lockdown period between 2020-21.
2,568 new corona positive cases in the country. New Delhi: Corona virus continues to spread in the country. The Central Health Department has revealed that 2,568 new positive cases have been registered in the last 24 hours. 20 people are said to have died. It said that 2,911 more people have recovered from the Corona epidemic. Currently 19,137 cases are active across the country. The Corona recovery rate in the country is 98.74 percent. Till now 189.41 crore corona vaccine doses have been administered across the country […]
4,272 fresh covid infections in country, 27 deaths - Telugu Bullet . India reported 4,272 fresh Covid infections in the last 24 hours on Thursday, compared to 3,615 the day before, according to Union Health Ministry data.
Omicron Subvariant XBB 1.5: New dangerous corona variant entered in India, chance to spread 120 times faster, first Omicron Subvariant XBB.1.5 case registered in Gujarat.. | LatestLY Telugu . Omicron has launched a new sub variant XBB.1.5 in India. According to information from the Indian SARS Cov-2 Genomics Consortium (INSACOG), the Omicron, XBB.1.5 sub-variant invaded India in December itself.
More than 100,000 actionable cases Prajasakti. New Delhi: Corona cases in the country are being recorded up and down. New cases crossed 18 thousand on Thursday, which was 14 thousand the previous day. According to the statistics released by the Union Health Ministry, on Wednesday, 4.52 lakh people were tested for Covid-19 and 18,819 new cases were reported. 4 thousand more than the previous day. Another 39 people died. As a result, 4.34 crore people have been affected by Corona since the start of Corona, while 5,25,116 people have succumbed to Corona. Currently active cases have reached 1,04,555.
Fire in a bus coming to Hyderabad.. 8 people died! .
Health alert: A series of attacks by Muslims.. African swine fever confirmed in Punjab.. Government has given early warning.. | African swine flu after many samples positive Punjab Telugu News | TV9 Telugu. A large number of pigs have died due to swine flu in Punjab. 16 people have also been infected in Indore in Madhya Pradesh. Haryana has also announced an alert. Health experts advise not to travel without a mask even in Delhi.
H3N2 Virus Scare: New Flu Danger Bells, Two Dead in Karnataka, Haryana with Influenza Virus, Around 90 H3N2 Influenza Cases, Eight H1N1 Cases in the Country | 📰 LatestLY Telugu . The country, which is recovering from the coronavirus, is shaking with the spread of the latest influenza virus. In the last two or three months, these flu cases have increased tremendously in the country. Deaths have also occurred due to influenza virus infection recently.
Telangana: Corona cases have suddenly increased in Telangana.. They should not come out unless it is urgent | Telangana sounds high alert after virus surge 403 New Cases Reported in Telangana last 24 hours 21 June 2022 | TV9 Telugu. Corona cases have increased massively in Telangana. The health department said in a bulletin that the number of active cases in the state has reached 2,375. G
3,720 new cases in the country.. Recovery rate is 98.73 percent - India Records 3,720 Covid Cases In 24 Hours, Positivity Rate 2.47% | Webdunia Telugu. 3,720 new cases were reported in India. With this, the number of corona cases is 40,177. According to the latest data... the death toll due to Corona virus has increased to 5,31,584. The number of people who have recovered from the disease has increased to 4,43,84,955. The case fatality rate was recorded at 1.18 percent. Active cases now account for 0.09 percent of all infections.
Delhi woman, son kills husband, chops body into 22 bits and stores in fridge | Webdunia Telugu. Another murder has created sensation in Delhi. Wife kills husband due to extramarital affair. His wife killed the husband along with his son. Then she cut her husband's body into 22 pieces and put it in the fridge. Then the scenes of the accused going to dispose of her husband's body parts along with her son were recorded on CCTV. - Delhi woman, son kills husband, chops body into 22 bits and stores in fridge
covid 19 cases in hyderabad today: Corona danger bells.. 40 percent increased cases.. This is the highest since March! - 7240 new covid 19 cases reported in India in last 24 hours, highest since March | Samayam Telugu. Corona cases are increasing rapidly in India. More than 40 percent cases were reported for the second consecutive day. In the last 24 hours, 7240 Covid cases were registered and 8 people lost their lives. More than 2 thousand cases of Covid have been reported in Maharashtra alone. 1765 new cases have been detected in Mumbai city. Corona cases are also increasing in Telangana. Corona cases are increasing by 20-30 percent in Hyderabad city compared to last 15 days.
covid cases: more than 10 thousand corona active cases in the country | Prajasakti. New Delhi: Corona cases are increasing day by day in the country. Union Health Ministry on Monday revealed that 1,805 new corona cases have been registered in the last 24 hours. The number of active cases has crossed the 10,000 mark and the maximum number of active cases has been registered after 134 days, the health department has revealed. The Union Health Ministry said at 8 am on Monday that there are currently 10,300 active cases across the country. The daily positivity rate is 3.19 percent.
Bomb Blast: Bomb Blast at Polio Vaccination Center.. Militants Targeted Police.. | Suicide bomb blast in Pakistan's southwestern city of Quetta targeting a police patrol, some dead and many injured | TV9 Telugu. A suicide attack took place in Quetta, Pakistan. The terrorists carried out the attack targeting the police van. Five people died and 30 others were seriously injured in this attack. Tehreek Taliban and TTP have claimed responsibility for the attack.
kerala, Brain Infection: Rare brain infection in Kerala. Brain Infection: Kerala state has another big problem. The death of a boy due to a rare brain infection has now become a sensation there. But till now four people who got infected with this brain infection have died and now Kerala residents are seriously scared. Pinarayi Vijayan Sarkar was alerted by this incident. All people have been warned to be alert. So what is this infection? How come Let's find out in this article
A car rammed into the police.. The constable was seriously injured.. . A road accident took place in Hoshangabad, Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh. A car rushed and hit the four policemen standing on the road. When the three policemen noticed the speeding car, the constable Dharamraj, who was sitting on the bike, was hit by the car. He was seriously injured in the accident. Currently, Dharamraj is undergoing treatment in a private hospital in Bhopal. By this a great danger was averted. Accident scenes were recorded on local CCTV. The incident took place on Saturday night. The driver of the car is currently absconding, police said.
More than 2 thousand new corona cases in the country.. reduced deaths. Covid Cases In India: Corona cases in the country reached below 2 thousand on Monday and increased again. While 2,124 new cases were registered, 17 more people lost their lives due to the pandemic. The number of recoveries has reached 98.75 percent.
The snake that took revenge on the young man..it bit him 5 times in a period of 10 days Snake bites young man 5 times in 10 days in Uttar Pradesh – News18 Telugu. Snake bite 5 times : It is believed that if a snake wants to take revenge, it will not go away for births. Recently, a similar incident took place in Agra district of Uttar Pradesh.
Nallamala Daavagni-Namasthe Telangana . A fire broke out in some parts of the Amrabad Tiger Reserve Forest in Nagarkurnool district. A forest fire broke out in Mannanur and Amrabad range on Tuesday. Forest Range Officer Prabhakar said that fire broke out in 15 areas including Akkamahadevi, Bilam, Vatuvarlapalli, Egalapenta, Farahabad Southbeat, Turkapalli, Boretibavi etc.
JE disease is booming in Assam.. 160 cases, 23 deaths - Visalandhra. JE disease is booming in Assam. This disease is spread by mosquitoes. So far 160 cases have been reported. 23 people died of the disease. This disease is more prevalent in rural and agricultural areas. Assam has been flooded recently. Many areas have become unsanitary. Medical officials have predicted that mosquitoes will increase and this disease will increase. In just 15 days at least 23 […]
wall collapse in up, Uttar Pradesh: Seven killed in separate wall collapse incidents due to heavy rains in Uttar Pradesh - Samayam Telugu A great tragedy has taken place in Uttar Pradesh. The walls of the house collapsed in three different areas due to the rains that have been falling for a few days. As a result, children and many adults also lost their lives while sleeping. Some others were injured. The injured were taken to hospitals. They are all undergoing treatment. Local authorities inspected the scene and learned how the accident happened. Relief measures were taken immediately. There is a chance of rain for some time.
Just like the Jubilee Hills incident, another rape in the old town.. Both cases are the same! . Old city rape case: Before the Jubilee Hills rape incident that created a sensation in the state of Telangana was forgotten, another similar incident came to light in the old city of Hyderabad. In this incident too, the victim is a 17-year-old minor. This incident took place on May 30. It came to light late. What actually happened?
The number of covid cases in the country has crossed 20 thousand Prajasakti. Delhi: The number of cases registered in the country has crossed 20 thousand recently. The number of covid cases is increasing in all states of the country. In addition to Maharashtra, the number of cases is increasing in the states of West Bengal, Kerala and Karnataka. Governments advise people to be extremely cautious. In the last 24 hours, 20,139 new cases have been registered in the country. 38 people died due to covid. 16,482 people have recovered from Covid. Currently, the number of active cases in the country has reached 1,36,076.
Food poisoning in tribal Gurukulam...18 girls sick during exams. Sirisilla: The female students of Tribal Welfare Gurukula School and College in Tangallapalli Mandal of Rajanna Sirisilla District fell ill with food poisoning.
Aurangabad Cylinder Blast: A gas cylinder exploded during puja, 30 people were injured, many were in critical condition, Tragedy in Chhat Puja, Seven policemen who went to light the fire were also seriously injured. ? LatestLY Telugu. About 30 people were injured in the cylinder blast incident. Doctors said that the condition of eight of them is critical. The injured are being treated at Sadar Hospital. As the condition of eight of the injured is critical, they have been shifted to another hospital for better treatment. ? Aurangabad Cylinder Blast: A gas cylinder exploded during puja, 30 people were injured, many were in critical condition, Tragedy in Chhat Puja, Seven policemen who went to light the fire were also seriously injured.
347 new corona cases registered in India Manalokam.
In Malakpet infant death case, unsanitary conditions took lives in the hospital. Malakpet Hospital Women Death Update: It is known that two infants died recently in Malakpet Area Hospital in Telangana. But the medical officials came to the conclusion that they died due to bacterial infections. Along with these two, 18 other people who underwent caesarean section earlier were rushed to NIMS emergency department.
Passenger ship fire: 31 dead - Mana Telangana . Tragedy befell the Philippines. Around 31 people were killed when a fire broke out in a passenger ship traveling between islands locally.
3,016 corona cases in one day-Namasthe Telangana. The cases of covid are gradually increasing again in the country. 3,016 cases have been reported in the last 24 hours. It was 40 percent higher than the previous day. This is the highest number of cases reported in the last six months.
One after another.. Within a month, the family will die.. God.. What is this atrocity! . Karimnagar: The family lost in a strange play of fate. The incurable disease tore the happy family apart. One by one the family sacrificed Mutt. The cause of death has become a mystery. This tragic incident took place in Gangadhara mandal center of Karimnagar district. As four members of the same family died due to a strange disease, there was panic in the village.
H3N2 Virus Scare: Disturbing Hong Kong virus, another dies in Gujarat with flu symptoms, H3N2 virus symptoms similar to Corona | 📰 LatestLY Telugu . H3N2 virus is causing concern in India. Recently two people have already died due to this virus (H3N2 Virus Scare) and another has died. News is coming that a 58-year-old woman died of H3N2 virus symptoms (Woman Dies Of Flu-Like Symptoms) in Gujarat. 📰 H3N2 Virus Scare: Disturbing Hong Kong virus, another person dies in Gujarat with flu symptoms, H3N2 virus symptoms similar to Corona.
949 more covid positive cases - rising cases in delhi
Dengue deaths New record of dengue deaths in Haryana. Dengue deaths Dengue outbreak in Haryana. 14 people have died due to this disease so far this year. However, there is no change in the behavior of the Haryana government, so  the people of Haryana are expressing their anger.
India Corona: Seven thousand new cases..25 deaths.. . The spread of Corona in the country is under control. New cases are coming to light with slight fluctuation. On Saturday, the Central Health Department revealed that 7 thousand people have been infected with the virus.
Dengue danger..! | Prajasakti. Prajashakti - Guntur district representative: Seasonal diseases are booming in Guntur and Palnadu district. Mainly dengue cases are increasing for few days. A total of 447 dengue cases were registered last year and 59 cases have already been registered this year. Till the month of May, 30 dengue cases have been registered, while in the month of June, 16 cases have been registered in Guntur district and 13 cases in Palnadu district. Officials say that the number of malaria cases has been low for some time and only dengue cases are being recorded.
corona cases in telangana today: Corona outbreak in Telangana.. cases approaching 500.. how many in Hyderabad..? - telangana records 494 covid 19 cases on june 23 | Samayam Telugu. The increasing number of corona cases in Telangana is causing concern. On Wednesday, close to 500 Covid cases were reported in the state. With this, the number of active cases in the state has crossed 3 thousand.
Manipur Violence | Conditions in Manipur are worse than Kashmir.. America wants to help-Namasthe Telangana. Manipur Violence | Incidents of violence continue in the northeastern state of Manipur. Recently on Thursday night and Friday in the villages of Kangvai area of Bishnupur district, firing took place between two communities. Four people died and many others were injured in these incidents. Among the dead are a police commando and a teenager.
Manipur is the source of fire! - Mana Telangana. Manipur is burning again. Just a few days ago, 70 people died and 3040 thousand people were displaced due to tree stumps.
Telangana: Serious road accidents in Telangana, auto-lorry, bus-car collision in two districts, four killed in Vikarabad district, four killed in Sangareddy district | 📰 LatestLY Telugu . A terrible road accident took place in Vikarabad district of Telangana. A lorry collided with an auto at Kerelli Bacharam bridge in Dharur mandal. Three people lost their lives on the spot and seven others were injured. The injured have been shifted to Vikarabad Hospital and are being treated. Another person died while receiving treatment.
A huge earthquake in Nepal.. Six people died.. The effect hit India! . Nepal Earthquake: Six people were killed in a huge earthquake in Nepal. The intensity on the Richter scale was recorded as 6.6. The impact of the earthquake also hit India. Earth shook in many places including the capital Delhi.
Corona for 15 students in Gurukula School. Corona in Gurukulam.. Home quarantine for 15 people. Nalgonda district is once again in the chaos of Corona..Corona among 15 students in Gurukula School
Reduced Corona cases in Telangana. 1,061 people became healthy in one day...Telangana reports 612 fresh Covid-19 cases
Lakhs of complaints..Thousands of FIRs-Namasthe Telangana. Complaints about cybercrime are pouring in the country. A total of 22,57,808 victims filed complaints from 2020 to 15 May 2023 across the country. But states are failing to register FIRs against them.
Corona cases have increased again in the country.. Here are the updates! | ap7am. In our country, the cases of Corona, which have been declining for the past few days, are increasing again. 6,422 in last 24 hours..
Heavy fire accident at Puranapool in Hyderabad, heavy-fire-accident-at-puranapool-in-hyderabad . Fire accident in Hyderabad: A huge fire broke out in a building in Puranapool, Hyderabad. There is a huge fire in the warehouse where there are coolers. Firefighters with six fire extinguishers are putting out the fire.
corona cases in india today: Increased corona cases in the country.. 783 cases have been registered in Kerala alone - India reports 2710 new covid19 cases and 14 deaths in 24 hours | Samayam Telugu. Covid19 India | The number of corona cases in India has increased once again. In the last 24 hours, 2710 people have been diagnosed with corona.. 14 people have lost their lives. While the number of active cases has been decreasing in recent times, the number of active cases has increased by 400 in the last 24 hours.
telangana corona cases: TS: New cases approaching 500 again.. Balakrishna in isolation - telangana: 493 covid 19 cases reported on June 24 including nandamuri balakrishna | Samayam Telugu. Hyderabad: It seems that the spread of Corona is gradually increasing in Telangana state. Once again new cases have been reported close to 500. Film actor Nandamuri Balakrishna is also affected by Covid, which is worrying the fans.
A thousand cases increased in 24 hours Prajasakti. New Delhi : Ups and downs in corona cases are being recorded in the country. In the past 24 hours, 5,379 people have been infected with the virus. The Central Medical and Health Department said that an additional thousand cases have been registered over the previous day. The positivity rate reached 1.67 percent. 7,094 people have recovered from the virus in the last 24 hours. In the last 24 hours, 27 people died of Corona. The decrease in active cases to 50,000 is a relief. Currently the number of active cases is 50,594 (0.11 percent).
A lorry hit people standing on the road. Two youths died. Chivvemla | A road accident took place in Chivvemla mandal. A lorry hit two people standing on the road in Gunjalur .
Three die of asphyxiation due to refrigerator explosion near Chennai of Tamil Nadu - Samayam Telugu . Due to a short circuit, the refrigerator in the house exploded and three people lost their lives due to suffocation. All of them belong to the same family. The condition of two others is critical. The incident took place near Chennai on Friday morning.
Mumbai Terror Attacks: 14 years of carnage.. Constable name of that village.. . Mumbai Terror Attacks 26/11: Mumbai blasts.. an event that the whole of India will never forget. Today marks 14 years since the genocide. 166 people lost their lives in the carnage created by Lashkar terrorists in 12 places in Mumbai. Among them, the top police officers from Mumbai were also martyred. Hundreds of civilians were seriously injured. But a constable who was immortalized in gun attacks was named after his hometown in Maharashtra.
Corona cases increased again in Telangana - Oneindia Telugu . Corona virus cases have once again increased massively in Telangana state. Danger bells are ringing due to the corona virus epidemic in Telangana. Recently, once again more than 500 corona cases have been reported. Compared to the previous day (448), new cases have increased significantly. In the last 24 hours, 27,249 corona tests were conducted in Telangana and 562 new people were found to be infected with corona. 329 cases have been reported in Hyderabad city. 60 cases were reported in Rangareddy district and 52 cases in Medchal Malkajigiri.
IPL 2022, CSK Vs DC: Corona once again in IPL.. Bowler tested positive.. Delhi-Chennai match in doubt? | IPL2022 Delhi Capitals Team Member and Net bowler Tests Covid 19 Positive CSK Vs DC | TV9 Telugu. Corona case came out in Delhi Capitals at the beginning of this season. This is not the first time that Delhi Capitals players have tested positive for Corona in the 15th season of IPL.
8 laborers died when the truck overturned. Bihar Accident: 8 people died when a truck carrying a load of pipes overturned. Some others were seriously injured. This incident happened in Purnia, Bihar.
Fire in a 4-storey building.. People jumped from the top.. If you see the scenes of Delhi fire! . Delhi Fire Accident: 27 people were burnt alive in a fire in the national capital Delhi on Friday. Another 12 people were injured while rescue teams rescued 50 people. Others jumped down from the top of the building to save their lives.
