183 suspected patients were investigated in Gwalior two COVID-19 infected patients were found. Today, one patient has recovered in the district, leaving only ten active cases of COVID-19.
Fire broke out during gas cylinder refilling in Jodhpur, even vehicles parked outside the house melted - Dainik Bhaskar | Kirtinagar of Jodhpur was shaken by explosions on Saturday afternoon. Panic spread in the areas of about one kilometer due to one-by-one explosions. In no time, a young man along with 3 children got burnt alive. 16 people were seriously burnt. Several houses in the neighborhood developed cracks. Cars parked in the house melted. , A mother who entered to save her son came out burning, the other killed 4 children, 4 people have died in the cylinder blast in Kirti Nagar in Jodhpur. 16 people are injured and out of these 8 people got 80 percent scorched. The accident has shaken the entire Jodhpur. The magnitude of the accident can be gauged from the fact that 3 to 4 houses around the house where the cylinder blast took place were hit. The child playing outside the house died. How did this accident happen? To know the answer to this question, the team of Dainik Bhaskar went on the ground and investigated the whole matter. Bhaskar reached out to the woman who was an eyewitness to the accident who had entered the house engulfed in flames to save her child. She also got burnt in the accident.
Increasing cases of lumpy skin disease in Uttarakhand know the symptoms. Lumpy Skin Disease: Increasing cases of lumpy skin disease in Uttarakhand, know what are the symptoms. Hindi News, Uttar Pradesh | The cases of lumpy skin disease are continuously increasing in Uttarakhand. About 19404 cases of lumpy skin disease have been reported in animals so far. Of these, 17904 animals have been cured so far. 321 animals have also died. Apart from this, vaccination of 23,5732 animals has also been done.
In Jharkhand's Kasturba School, 28 girls fell ill due to food poisoning, know how the danger is increasing in the changing season and how to prevent it. TheHealthSite.com Hindi | In a Kasturba Vidyalaya in Jharkhand, the health of 28 girl students suddenly worsened, which the doctor has described as a case of food poisoning. Learn what is food poisoning and how to prevent it.
Aurangabad news : In Aurangabad in two days heat wave took the lives of 10 people. Heat stroke claimed 10 live in two days at Aurangabad Bihar - Navbharat Times | Aurangabad Weather Alert: In Aurangabad district of Bihar, the heat has wreaked havoc on the people. According to unofficial figures, in the last 10 days only 10 people were killed. On the other hand, according to the doctor of Sadar Hospital, 50 patients have reached the hospital in just 24 hours.
Ambikapur News:Four people of the same family fell ill after eating putu; Hospitalized after vomiting and diarrhea  . Four members of the same family fell ill after consuming wild puttu on Sunday night in Parpatia village of Mainpat development block of Chhattisgarh.
54 new positive cases of  Corona in Bilashpur - Bilaspur News
Patients increased from CHC to district hospital, treatment of two patients on 1 bed - Dainik Bhaskar | Suspected fever infection is continuously increasing in Sitapur. The number of patients in OPD has more than tripled at all CHCs including district hospital. Due to uncontrollable infection fever, the situation has become such that three patients are lying on one bed in the district hospital. Bottles are being offered to the patients on the ground. More than 6 patients have died in the last two weeks due to fever. In which most of the children are involved. Reusa ch... | sitapur news, sitapur news in hindi, sitapur latest news, sitapur hindi news, sitapur samachar, sitapur heath news, cmo sitapur,
Corona cases increase again, 18,313 new cases in 24 hours, 57 deaths - national news punjab kesari delhi corona virus vaccine | After 18,313 new cases of corona virus infection were reported in India in one day, the number of infected people in the country increased to 4,39,38,764.
The speed of corona slowed down in Chhattisgarh. The effect of the fourth wave of Corona has started reducing in Chhattisgarh. On Wednesday, 183 new corona patients have been found in the state. The corona positivity rate is 2.27%. The total number of active patients is 1,469.
Dr. Nitin Raut: Corona infection is increasing due to the affected passengers coming from Delhi | Maharashtra Times | While the incidence of corona virus is increasing in the country, when the information of 35 infected people in Nagpur was taken, it was clear that most of them have a background of traveling to Delhi.
Indore Fire accident: Big disclosure in Indore fire, no short circuit, one-sided love set fire, 7 people died
12 active cases since March 10; CMO ordered to increase sampling. Corona cases started increasing again in Karnal - Dainik Bhaskar | Corona cases seem to be increasing once again in Haryana's Karnal district. This week, the cases have reached 12, touching the double figure again. After March 10, 5 new positive cases have also been found simultaneously. So far, samples of 778640 persons have been taken in the district and 575 samples were taken in the last 24 hours. Out of the total samples taken, 48184 positive cases were reported so far, out of which 47575 patients have been cured. Corona cases seem to be increasing once again in Haryana's Karnal district.
Mahasamund Crime Three murders for just two thousand rupees Son Udit turns out to be the killer of parents and grandmother. Udit woke up his sleeping father Prabhat Bhoi on the midnight of May 7-8 and demanded two thousand rupees.
Cg Corona Update: Corona slows down in Chhattisgarh, 27 new cases surfaced, In Chhattisgarh, there has been a significant decline in the number of corona. For the last few days, very few corona patients are coming forward.
So far 1655 animals have died due to lumpy skin disease in Nagaur. Lumpy skin disease continues to wreak havoc in the district, 1655 animals have died so far. Patrika News | Cattle herders are not getting enough help from the Animal Husbandry Department - Many cattle are dying, voluntary organizations are engaged in the service of cattle.Nagaur News | Undefined News | Patrika News
Delhi covid 19 update decline in active cases - 400 new cases of corona in Delhi, one patient died; In Delhi, 400 cases of corona were found in 24 hours, but there has been a decline in active cases. The number of active patients has come down to 1960. A week ago their number was 2507. That is, there has been a decrease of up to 21 percent.
There have been 400 new cases of COVID-19 in Delhi, and one patient has died. There is also a bit of relief. In the past 24 hours, Delhi has reported 400 new COVID-19 cases, yet there has been a decrease in active cases. The number of active patients has now reduced to 1960, whereas a week ago, their count was 2507. This signifies a decrease of up to 21 percent.
24 new cases of corona infection - Kaithal News | 24 new cases of corona infection
24 new cases of COVID-19 infection - Kaithal News
aes and Muzaffarpur bihar: Bihar Encephalitis death: 5-year-old Kundan died of fever in Muzaffarpur. Muzaffarpur:The number of Encephalitis/Chamki Fever (AES) patients is increasing with summer. Five suspects were admitted on Tuesday, out of which AES has been confirmed in one child. Five-year-old Kundan Kumar, who was suffering from Encephalitis , died on Wednesday. The child was a resident of Ekraha Sarai in Vaishali district. Kundan was being treated under AES protocol in the Piku ward of KDKM Hospital. District Information and Public Relations Officer Kamal Singh said that Kundan was being treated after being admitted to the hospital. During treatment, Kundan died of AES. This is the second death due to AES in Muzaffarpur itself. At the same time, 10 children have recovered and gone back to their homes. AES has been confirmed in 12 children so far this year.
AES and Muzaffarpur, Bihar: Encephalitis Death of a 5-year-old in Muzaffarpur. The number of Acute Encephalitis Syndrome (AES) cases is rising with the onset of summer. On Tuesday, five suspects were admitted, among whom AES was confirmed in one child. Kundan Kumar, a five-year-old suffering from AES, passed away on Wednesday. He was a resident of Ekraha Sarai in the Vaishali district. Kundan was undergoing treatment under the AES protocol in the Piku ward of KDKM Hospital. Kamal Singh, the District Information and Public Relations Officer, stated that Kundan was receiving treatment after his admission to the hospital, but he succumbed to AES during the course of treatment. This marks the second AES-related fatality in Muzaffarpur. Additionally, 10 children have recovered and returned home. AES has been confirmed in 12 children thus far this year.
Accident In Kushinagar Tragic Death Of Two People Due To Overturning Of Tractor - Amar Ujala Hindi News Live | A heart-wrenching incident has come to light in Kushinagar district. Here two people died due to overturning of tractor.
Accident in Kushinagar: Tragic Death of Two People Due to Overturning of Tractor, Tractor Removed with the Help of JCB - Amar Ujala Hindi News Live | A heart-wrenching incident has come to light in Kushinagar district. Here, two people died due to the overturning of a tractor.
Mumbai News Live Updates: Jayesh Pujari sent from Karnataka jail to Nagpur for threatening Nitin Gadkar | Maharashtra Latest News: Seasonal Influenza patients are increasing rapidly in Pune district amidst increasing cases of Covid-19. H3N2 influenza infection is increasing continuously in the district and two patients have died due to this. The dead include a 67-year-old man and a 37-year-old woman. Both were undergoing treatment in a private hospital. The health department has appealed to the people that patients with flu-like symptoms should be treated without delay. One should isolate oneself in case of cold, cough and fever. H3N2 virus is spreading in the state for the past few weeks, but there is no need to panic. People should avoid going to crowded areas, as well as wearing masks and maintaining social distancing can prevent influenza. , State News | Undefined News | Patrika News
14 New Corona Infected Case Found in Rewari - Rewari News | In the third week of April, the cases of corona infection have gained momentum. The increasing number of cases are increasing the concern. Wednesday
906 new cases of Covid-19 were reported in India, the number of patients under treatment decreased to 10,179. India In Hindi | According to the updated data released by the Union Health Ministry at eight o'clock on Thursday morning, after the death of 20 more patients from Covid-19, the total number of people who lost their lives due to corona virus infection in the country has increased to 5,31,814.
Heart Problems, Pneumonia, Asthma, Claim 42 Percent Of Total Deaths In India In 2020; Covid 19 Percent - Report: Not Corona in 2020, Most of the people in the country lost their lives due to these diseases, this report will surprise you - Amar Ujala Hindi News Live | The third leading cause, accounting for 8.9 per cent of the total clinically certified deaths, was classified under the code for specific purposes: COVID-19.
Corona In Kanpur: Rapidly Increasing Number Of Corona Infected, 41 New Infected Found, Active Case Crosses 200  after two and half months.  The attack of Corona in Kanpur is gradually intensifying .
Mumbai News Live Updates: Jayesh Pujari sent from Karnataka jail to Nagpur for threatening Nitin Gadkari. mumbai-news-live-updates-maharashtra-breaking-news-today-28-march-2023-shiv-sena-uddhav-thackeray-eknath-shinde-bjp-devendra-fadnavis-mumbai-pune-nagpur-news | Patrika News | Maharashtra Latest News: Seasonal Influenza patients are increasing rapidly in Pune district amidst increasing cases of Covid-19. H3N2 influenza infection is increasing continuously in the district and two patients have died due to this. The dead include a 67-year-old man and a 37-year-old woman. Both were undergoing treatment in a private hospital. The health department has appealed to the people that patients with flu-like symptoms should be treated without delay. One should isolate oneself in case of cold, cough and fever. H3N2 virus is spreading in the state for the past few weeks, but there is no need to panic. People should avoid going to crowded areas, as well as wearing masks and maintaining social distancing can prevent influenza. State News | Undefined News | Patrika News
Top Hindi News Live Updates: UP Farmers Protest, Corona Cases Update, Bihar, BJP - TOP HINDI NEWS LIVE UPDATES: Ashok Gehlot Makes Significant Announcement Regarding the Death of Dalit Student. India in Hindi | On the other hand, speaking about the coronavirus, there has been a 39.1% surge in new COVID-19 cases in India. In the last 24 hours, 12,608 new cases have been reported, resulting in 72 deaths.
Chhattisgarh COVID-19 Updates News: 104 Infected Patients Found, 2 Deaths Reported. A Decrease in the Number of COVID-19 Patients in Chhattisgarh. Out of 7,845 samples investigated in the state on Tuesday, only 104 people have tested positive for COVID-19. The state's positivity rate stands at 1.33 percent. Chhattisgarh Corona Update News
Weather Alert: Highway closed due to landslides in Himachal-Kashmir due to heavy rains, heavy rain alert in these states. Weather Alert: Rain became a problem! Highway closed due to landslide in Himachal-Kashmir, deaths in Uttarakhand and Mumbai, heavy rain alert in these states. Patrika News | Weather Alert: Rain is wreaking havoc in many states of the country. Landslide incidents are coming to the fore at many places. The water level of rivers and drains has increased. Roads have become rivers due to heavy rains. Four people have lost their lives in Maharashtra and Himachal due to heavy rains. National News News | Undefined News | Patrika News.
Two people died after drinking contaminated water, 174 people fell ill -PTI Rajasthan story. Jaipur, Dec 7 (PTI) Two people, including a 12-year-old child, have died while 174 others have fallen ill due to vomiting and diarrhea after allegedly drinking contaminated water in Kotwali police station area of Karauli district of Rajasthan.
CORONA UPDATE: Cases are Increasing – 3 Patients Die Among 360 Cases | CORONA UPDATE: The Speed of COVID-19 is Increasing – 360 Cases Reported, 3 Patients Have Died. Patrika News | CORONA UPDATE: The Highest Number of COVID-19 Patients Are Being Found in Raipur, Durg, and Bilaspur. A Total of 360 Infected Patients Were Found Across 22 Districts. The Total Number of Active Cases Has Reached Nearly 1700. One Patient Has Died from COVID-19. It's a Matter of Relief that Not a Single COVID-19 Patient Was Found in Bastar, Kondagaon, Dantewada, Sukma, Narayan, or Bijapur. After a Prolonged Period, Three People Have Died Due to COVID-19 in Chhattisgarh. (Raipur News | Undefined News | Patrika News).
Symptoms of Lumpy Skin Disease Found in 60 Cows in a single day in Ratia-Fatehabad News|Disease Spreads to 60 Cows in a Single Day at a Cow Shelter in Ratia.
Three killed in accident | Three bike riders died due to car collision. Patrika News | One injured was admitted to the hospital. Ahmedabad News | Undefined News | Patrika News
Dengue wreaks havoc in Lucknow, increasing the number of patients; learn how to prevent and what not to do. The capital city, Lucknow, is grappling with a dengue outbreak. Alongside dengue, cases of chikungunya, typhoid, malaria, and viral infections, as well as COVID-19, are also on the rise. More than 14 individuals in the city have fallen victim to dengue.
Heavy rains in Jammu and Kashmir's Kathua, 3 people washed away in floods.
Heavy Rainfall in Kathua, Jammu and Kashmir; 3 People Swept Away in Floods.
Heat breaks 122 years record in MP, other hand hail falls with rain | Miracle of Nature: Here the heat broke the record of 122 years, on the other side it was raining with hail. Patrika News | On one hand, most of the areas of Madhya Pradesh are under the grip of scorching heat, while on the other hand, news of hailstorm along with rain has also come to the fore in Jabalpur division and Seoni district of the state. Bhopal News | Undefined News | Patrika News
Covid-19 in India: 20 More Deaths Due to Coronavirus in the Country, Get the Latest Situation and Numbers of Covid-19 - Dynamite News. In the last 24 hours, the Covid-19 pandemic has claimed the lives of 20 individuals in the country, with the highest toll of 15 reported from Kerala. Learn about the current situation of Covid-19 in Dynamite News' report.
84 Youths Have Died Due to Substance Abuse This Year; Joint Raids by NCB and Police, Helpline Number Released. Manohar Lal, CM of Haryana, Comments on Drugs; Dushyant Chautala, Deputy CM; Anil Vij, Home Minister Haryana - Dainik Bhaskar. In Haryana, a total of 84 young individuals have succumbed to substance abuse this year. Notably, these individuals are between the ages of 18 and 35. This figure has caused a stir in the BJP-JJP government in Haryana. CM Manohar Lal Khattar held a meeting with officials and expressed strong displeasure regarding this issue. Haryana's comprehensive plan against drugs is underway. A total of 84 youths have lost their lives due to substance abuse this year. Notably, these individuals are between the ages of 18 and 35. This statistic has stirred controversy within Haryana's BJP-JJP government.
Forfeiture of House for Non-Payment of Taxes - House Seized; 153 Properties, Including Residential Flats, Sealed - Maharashtra Times | Once seized, a warrant fee is applicable, and penalties of around 15% are imposed on property owners. As a result, citizens find it more beneficial to pay their dues before the forfeiture action takes place.
Accident in Uttar Pradesh: 2 trucks collide in Rae Bareli, 3 people including driver killed - truck accident in Raebareli 3 killed including driver after neelgai comes on the road – News18 Hindi | Truck Accident in Raebareli: Teams have been set up to identify where the deceased are from. The injured were brought to the hospital in the night, where two died, while one driver died.
In Firozabad, 162 Patients of MDR-TB, took 120 Injections in Four Months - Dainik Bhaskar | MDR-TB patients in Firozabad will no longer have to endure the pain of injections. Treatment for such patients will now be administered through medication. This medication will now be easily accessible to patients. Previously, patients had to travel to Agra's SN Medical College for medicine. | MDR-TB patients in Firozabad will no longer have to endure the pain of injections. Treatment for such patients will now be administered through medication. This medication will now be easily accessible to patients. Previously, patients had to travel to Agra's SN Medical College for medicine. Breaking news, latest news, Firozabad news, Hindi news, TB Patient News in Firozabad, Medical College news.
104 New Corona Infected Were Found in the District, 326 Became Active - Panchkula News | 104 new COVID-19 infected were found in the district, 326 became active.
Live Updates on Coronavirus Cases in India: Alarming Rise in Coronavirus, Active Cases Reach 23,091; Mask Mandate Implemented - Coronavirus Live Updates Delhi Maharashtra COVID-19 Case Latest News Omicron Variant Hospitals Situation – News18 Hindi | Covid-19 Coronavirus Cases in India Live Update: Once again, the onslaught of the coronavirus is intensifying in India. There is a steady increase in new cases of coronavirus across the country, leading to the reimplementation of mandatory mask usage. The states of Delhi and Maharashtra are witnessing a severe impact of the virus. In the last 24 hours, 4,435 new cases of Covid-19 have been recorded. Additionally, the number of Covid-19-related deaths is also on the rise. While Maharashtra reported four deaths, Chhattisgarh, Delhi, Gujarat, Haryana, Karnataka, Puducherry, and Rajasthan have each reported one death. Let's delve into the current state of affairs concerning the coronavirus in the country.
Arrival of chickenpox in MP: 31 patients found in a month, health department issued advisory. Chicken Pox alert has been issued in Madhya Pradesh. State health department has given advisory regarding prevention and treatment of chickenpox and directed the CMHO to take necessary action. It has been said in the advisory that the treatment of the patient should be started immediately by isolating the symptoms. (Chickenpox enty in MP) (MP Health department issued advisory)
Dengue Cases Cross 1200 in the State – Rashtra Chandika. Bhopal: Dengue cases in Madhya Pradesh are continuously increasing. The number of dengue patients in the state has reached 1246. The situation is the worst in the capital city. In Bhopal, 271 patients have been reported so far, followed by 201 cases in Gwalior. In third place...
Earthquake Strikes Doda in Jammu and Kashmir: Tremors of 4.9 Magnitude on the Richter Scale - Jammu Kashmir Earthquake Tremors in Doda Measuring 4.9 Magnitude on the Richter Scale – News18 Hindi | -Earthquake in Jammu Kashmir: The National Centre for Seismology (NCS) reported that the epicenter of the earthquake was located at a depth of 10 kilometers beneath the ground in the Doda region. According to officials, Doda has experienced earthquake tremors 12 times from June till now this year, with varying levels of intensity each time.
Court - Seven People Sentenced to Seven Years in Lethal Attack, Fine Imposed - Budaun News | In the deadly attack case, seven people have been sentenced to seven years in prison, along with a fine.
Major Incident in Gurugram: Two Laborers Die due to Soil Collapse, Working on Digging a Well in a Field in Farukhnagar's Jarau Village | In Gurugram, on Sunday, two laborers were trapped and buried in soil in the village of Jarau in the Farukhnagar police station area. The incident resulted in the death of both laborers. This incident occurred while they were digging a well.
Dengue spreading slowly in Gwalior three new patients found | Take care to avoid mosquito borne diseases and do not allow rain water to accumulate in and around the house.
116 new cases of corona in four days, alert for monkeypox
Dengue spreading slowly in Gwalior, three new patients found - Dengue spreading slowly in Gwalior three new patients found | Take care to avoid mosquito borne diseases and do not allow rain water to accumulate in and around the house.
Now two foreign nationals found corona infected at kolkata airport | Vigilance has been increased in India in view of the devastation of Corona virus in China. Random checking of passengers coming from abroad is being done at the airport itself. On Monday, more than half a dozen foreign travelers from different parts of the country have been found corona infected.
Corona Outbreak in India Too! After UP and Bihar, Now Two Foreign Nationals Found Corona Infected at Kolkata Airport | Seeing the devastation of the coronavirus in China, vigilance has been increased in India. Random checks are being conducted on travelers arriving from abroad at the airport. On Monday, more than half a dozen foreign travelers were found infected with coronavirus from different parts of the country.
Demand for single donor platelets increased on blood banks due to continuous increase in dengue patients in Hisar. The rains in Hisar have increased the risk of dengue. So far 100 cases of dengue have been found this season. However, claims are being made by the department for continuous fogging and larval activity campaigns.
The number of dengue patients is continuously increasing in Hisar, demand for single donor platelets has risen in blood banks - Due to the ongoing threat of dengue in Hisar, the recent rainfall has exacerbated the situation. So far, 100 cases of dengue have been reported this season. While the department claims to be conducting continuous fogging and larval activity campaigns.
Most time nervous 90s in Test: 5 players who have been the victim of nervous 90s most times in Test cricket . 2 Indians also included in the top five - sachin tendulkar steve waugh rahul dravid in test cricket – News18 Hindi | Most time nervous 90s in test Cricket: Being a victim of nervous nineties is extremely painful for any batsman in cricket. Australian batsman Travis Head was dismissed for 99 in the first innings of the Perth Test against the West Indies (AUS vs WI). That is, he missed the century by just one run. When Head was returning to the pavilion after being bowled by Kraigg Brathwaite's ball, despair could be clearly seen on his face. However, this is not the first time that a batsman has got out between 90 and 100 in the traditional format of cricket. Top 5 also includes 2 Indians. - sachin tendulkar steve waugh rahul dravid 5 cricketers who have been the victim of nervous nineties most often in test cricket
"Most Nervous 90s in Test Cricket: Five players who have often fallen victim to nervous nineties in Test cricket... Two Indians are also among the top five - Sachin Tendulkar, Steve Waugh, Rahul Dravid in test cricket – News18 Hindi | Most Nervous 90s in Test Cricket: Being dismissed in the nervous nineties is an excruciating experience for any batsman in cricket. Australian batsman Travis Head was out for 99 in the first innings of the Perth Test against the West Indies (AUS vs WI). In other words, he missed a century by just one run. As Head walked back to the pavilion after being bowled by Kraigg Brathwaite's delivery, his frustration was evident on his face. However, this isn't the first instance of a batsman getting out between 90 and 100 in the traditional format of cricket. The top 5 list also features 2 Indian players - Sachin Tendulkar, Steve Waugh, Rahul Dravid - among the cricketers who have most frequently faced nervous nineties in test cricket.
The number of dengue patients reached near 9 thousand in Uttar Pradesh, ten deaths due to dengue so far - exposed. The number of dengue patients is continuously increasing in Uttar Pradesh. According to statistics, the number of dengue patients in the state has reached close to 9 thousand. This year, the number of dengue patients has crossed 1430 in state capital Lucknow, 1432 in Prayagraj and 630 in Ayodhya.
In Uttar Pradesh, the number of dengue patients has crossed 9,000, with ten deaths reported from dengue - Pardaphash | The number of dengue patients in Uttar Pradesh continues to rise steadily. According to the figures, the state has recorded over 9,000 dengue cases. This year, the number of dengue patients has crossed 1,430 in the capital city of Lucknow, 1,432 in Prayagraj, and 630 in Ayodhya. [caption id=...
Ghaziabad - 78 discharged, 71 COVID-19 infected - Ghaziabad News | 78 discharged, 71 COVID-19 infected
Ghaziabad - 78 discharged, 71 corona infected - Ghaziabad News
coronavirus-new-cases-update-in-meerut-news-today-22-april-2022 | Meerut News: Eight new patients of Corona were found in Meerut today, fear of new wave increased the concern of the people. News Track in Hindi. Coronavirus Cases Update: According to Chief Medical Officer Dr. Akhilesh Mohan, eight new patients were found today, two patients each have been found in Meerut Cantt, Rajban.
In the last 24 hours in Mirzapur district, three people including a woman died due to lightning and three people got scorched.
Coronavirus-new-cases-update-in-meerut-news-today-22-april-2022 | Meerut News: Eight new patients of Corona were found in Meerut today; fear of new wave increased the concern of the people. News Track in Hindi. Coronavirus Cases Update: According to Chief Medical Officer Dr. Akhilesh Mohan, eight new patients were found today, two patients have been found in Meerut Cantt and two patients Rajban have been found.
India Ground Report Desk New Delhi: (New Delhi) 9,923 new cases of Covid-19 have been reported in the country on Tuesday, infected with the corona virus. ) The number of infected people has increased to 4,33,19,396, and the number of patients under treatment has increased to 79,313.
New Delhi: In the country, there were 9,923 new cases of COVID-19 reported on Tuesday, leading to an increase in the total number of infected individuals to 4,33,19,396. Additionally, the number of patients under treatment has risen to 79,313. This rise in cases has raised concerns over the spread of the coronavirus. In Thane, there were 526 new cases of COVID-19 reported as well.
Food poisoning havoc in Bilaspur and Jashpur, more than 40 sick after eating contaminated food - YouTube . The problem of food poisoning is more in summer. The havoc of food poisoning has been seen in Bilaspur and Jashpur. 25 people died after eating food secretly in Bilaspur.
Coronavirus in India: Corona cases increased again in the country after four days, 10,542 cases registered in 24 hours; 38 killed - Coronavirus Updates active Covid cases in country climb to 63562 new cases are 10542 . Covid-19 in India The cases of corona virus have again increased in the country.
Mandsaur News: Fire broke out from cylinder while cooking, 25 scorched, treatment continues in hospital. All the injured are admitted in the hospital.
Food poisoning havoc in Bilaspur and Jashpur, more than 40 sick after eating contaminated food - YouTube. The problem of food poisoning is more in summer. The havoc of food poisoning has been seen in Bilaspur and Jashpur. 25 people fell sick after eating water bread in Bilaspur.
A big accident has happened in Motihari. The explosion occurred due to fire in the brick kiln chimney. In which 9 laborers have died so far (Many died in Motihari brick kiln explosion). Many laborers are buried in the chimney. The work of removing them is going on.
Coronavirus in India: Once again Corona has started knocking at people's homes in the country. In the last 24 hours, 20,528 new cases of corona infection were reported in the country. At the same time, 49 people died due to this. According to the data released by the Ministry of Health, the number of patients under treatment of Covid-19 in the country increased from 1,40,760 to 1,43,449.
There was a stir in the health department, the risk of dengue increased in Chhattisgarh, 49 cases were found in a single day.
Agra News:Investigation found 12 children infected with Measles  in Agra
UP Weather Update: Rain from Noida to Lucknow, relief from heat, 21 deaths so far - weather update rain and strong continue wind in uttar pradesh nodark – News18 Hindi | UP Weather Update: The process of thunderstorms and rains in Uttar Pradesh continued on Monday as well. It rained in many districts of the state in the morning, then late night the weather became pleasant due to drizzle or light rain in most of the districts of UP including Ghaziabad, Noida, Aligarh. At the same time, this phase of rain in UP will continue till May 25.
Assam Rain News:  Bordoisila wreaks havoc in Assam, so far 14 people have died - Navbharat Times | Assam Rainfall News In Assam, the rain accompanied by thunderstorms in the summer season is called Bordoisila.
3,322 new cases of Covid-19 found in Kerala - Navbharat Times . Thiruvananthapuram, July 3 (PTI) Kerala reported 3,322 new cases of coronavirus infection on Sunday and two patients died. Since then, the total number of infected patients has increased to 66,53,272 in the state, while the death toll has risen to 70,048. This information was given in the official figures. As per official figures, 3,258 patients have recovered from the disease in the last 24 hours in Kerala. The number of active cases of Covid-19 in the state increased to 28,720. On Saturday, the southern state had reported 3,642 cases and nine patients died.
Corona wards reopened in hospitals, oxygen-ventilators being repaired - Dainik Bhaskar | In the last 24 hours, 21 new cases of corona have been found in Ghaziabad, which have been recorded in the last several months. Seeing the sound of Corona, the Health Department has started opening and repairing the corona wards in all the hospitals. Special attention is being paid to the availability of oxygen, ventilators along with life-saving medicines.
Dengue sting increasing, seven new cases came
Haryana: Swine flu knocks in Hisar, death of an elderly, ongoing treatment of two positive patients. Two positive patients are undergoing treatment in a private hospital in Hisar city. So far 21 samples have been sent to the Medical College Agroha for examination.
Covid Update In India: Reduction in Covid cases, improvement in the situation. Now there has been a decrease in corona cases in the country, where 1675 new cases of corona have been reported in the last 24 hour.
uttarakhand 44 prisoners, including a woman test positive for HIV in Haldwani jail
30 new corona patients found in Panchkula
UP Dengue: Government promises are coming out hollow like Corona at the time of Dengue. 10 people died of dengue in a single village of Uttar Pradesh.
More than 1550 people died during monsoon in Himachal Pradesh in five years – News18 Hindi | Himachal News: Apart from the death of 276 people, 508 people were also injured between June 29 and August 27 this year. While nine people went missing during this period due to rain related incidents. Mokhta said that out of 276, maximum 134 people died in road accidents. 36 died due to falling trees and rocks, 30 due to drowning and 19 due to landslides.
Two girls died due to snake bite. Nalanda. Two girls died of snakebite last night in Bishunpur village under Shivsagar block area of the district.
There has been an incident of food poisoning in Madhepura. In which 500 people have fallen ill so far. All are being treated in the hospital. Read full news.
On the first Monday of Sawan, there was a terrible stampede in the temple, two women buried in the crowd died due to suffocation - siwan two ladies devotees killedbihar | The month of Sawan, the beloved of Lord Shiva, has begun and today is the first Monday of Sawan. In such a situation, women all over the country are fasting on their first Monday. But in the meantime a big news has come out from Bihar. Actually, a big accident happened in Bihar on the first Monday of Sawan.
Troubled girl commits suicide due to molestation, youth dies after hitting tractor - Dainik Bhaskar | A girl and a boy died in two separate incidents in Chitrakoot. Where a girl committed suicide after getting fed up of flirting. So on the other hand a young man died in a road accident. Police is probing both the cases. , Chitrkoot police, chitrkoot local news, chitrkoot Hindi news, chitrkoot today news
Bihar Weather 8 people died in a single day due to lightning amid monsoon rain In Bihar, 8 people died in a day due to the havoc of lightning amid monsoon rains. People lost their lives due to thunderstorms at different places in Saran, Siwan, Begusarai, Gaya, Nalanda, Khagaria and Samastipur.
Another Village of Halia in the Grip of Diarrhea, Six New Patients Found - Mirzapur News
Alert on swine flu: District Medical Officer appeals people to take precautions. Raipur. Along with Corona in the capital, now swine flu patients are also increasing. In the last 48 hours, 11 patients of swine flu have been found in Raipur. Including this, now the total number of patients in Raipur has increased to 65.
UP News Kanpur's villagers are afraid of death for 40 years. SPUP | Don't get free ration! For 40 years, the villagers cross the river of death to extinguish the stomach fire. Hindi News, Uttar Pradesh | To give free government ration, all the schemes and facilities are being recruited. She is proving to be just like freebies. The opposition is seen commenting on the free ration scheme as an election bet.
Video: Bulls create terror in Ghaziabad, fierce fight on the middle of the road | UP Congress tweet on 2 Bull fight on road in ghaziabad | Patrika News | 2 bulls clashed with each other on the road of Ghaziabad. Due to the fight of two bulls on the road, the traffic came to a standstill. In a tweet, the UP Congress targeted the Yogi government and wrote, "The roads of UP have become bull fighting grounds." | Ghaziabad Videos | undefined Videos | Patrika News
Video: Heroine of martyr in Pulwama attack forced to sit on hunger strike, pain spilled after four years |Pulwama attack anniversary shaheed hemraj meena wife madhubala story | Patrika News | Pulwama attack 4th Anniversary: 40 CRPF soldiers were martyred in the Pulwama attack on February 14, 2019, Madhubala, a heroine of Kota's Sangod area, warned of a hunger strike. Jaipur Videos | undefined Videos | Patrika News
18 people from the same village sick, 5 serious; Everyone drank alcohol together. 8 dead and 5 in critical condition after consuming poisonous liquor in Gujarat - Dainik Bhaskar | Eight people died on Monday after drinking spurious liquor in Botad district of Gujarat. At the same time, 18 people are ill, out of which the condition of 5 is critical. According to the information, all are residents of Rojid village of Botad and most had consumed alcohol on Sunday night. Out of the sick people, 5 have been admitted to Civil Hospital, Botad, while 5 serious patients have been referred to Sir T Hospital, Bhavnagar. , 8 dead and 5 in critical condition after consuming poisonous liquor in Gujarat
Two more children died due to respiratory infection in Kolkata, Adenovirus not confirmed, know what are the symptoms of Adenovirus. In West Bengal, the death of three children due to respiratory infection was reported on last Saturday and Sunday. One of these children died due to infection with adenovirus.
New Delhi, July 31 (UNI) In the country, 39 people have died due to this disease in the last 24 hours amidst increasing cases of corona virus (Covid-19) epidemic. At the same time, 19,336 people have been cured.
Haldwani News: 'HIV bomb' exploded in Haldwani jail, 54 prisoners including one woman found positive - Jail 54 prisoners found HIV positive treatment is on under Sushila Tiwari government hospital – News18 Hindi | Routine check-up of all the HIV infected patients in the jail is done through the ART Center of Sushila Tiwari Government Hospital. Along with this, to avoid this disease, information about rescue is also given by running a public awareness campaign among the prisoners.
After recovering from COVID-19, 2 children got MIS-C infection in Kolkata, doctors told parents of children to take precautions. TheHealthSite.com Hindi | Both these cases have come to the fore at the Medical College Hospital in Kolkata. According to the information received, the age of one of these children is 3.5 years and the age of the other child is 8 years. TheHealthSite.com
Hindi News | 4 sick after drinking sick goat's milk tea, admitted to district hospital. UP News - hindi news 4 sick after drinking sick goat's milk admitted to district hospital up news – News18 Hindi . Hindi News | 4 people have fallen ill after drinking tea made from sick goat's milk. The sick have been admitted to the district hospital. #hindinews #etawahnews #etawah #upnews #latestnews aaj ki taaja khabar | news18 up live | news18 live | aaj ka taaja khabar | Today's Latest News | up live news | news18 up live news | up news live | aaj ke taaja khabar | hindi news | latest news | news in hindi | hindi news | hindi news | n18oc_uttar_pradesh.
Flood and Landslide Update in Manipur, Kerala, and Assam - Rivers overflowing in several states, heavy rainfall in Kerala, while the situation is improving in Assam, with 49 casualties reported in Manipur so far - Amar Ujala Hindi News Live | Continuous rainfall is occurring in Kerala, leading to significant challenges for the local residents.
Corona spreading again in Chhattisgarh, one death in Bilaspur, 18 covid positives found - corona second death in bilaspur 18 new covid positive patients found - Navbharat Times | Once again Corona is spreading its wings in Chhattisgarh. Another corona positive patient died in Bilaspur late on Sunday night. At the same time, 18 new corona positive patients have been found. Apart from this, 19 girl students have been found corona positive in Dhamtari.
Doctor's suicide in IGMC raised many questions, Mukesh's verbal attack on CM, read big news. The suicide of junior resident doctor in IGMC Shimla (Doctor Suicide in IGMC Shimla) has raised many questions. This is not the first time that IGMC has happened. Even before this, around three doctors have died here and these cases are also related to suicide. Even before this, on March 7, 2020, a senior resident doctor of Arthon committed suicide in his room. While before that a doctor of the radiology department had also died under suspicious circumstances. In such a situation, questions are now being raised that why doctors are committing suicide?
Noida Corona Cases 62 new cases found schools asked students to wear masks | Noida Corona Cases: Corona havoc in Noida, these new symptoms seen in people; Schools gave this order to the students. Hindi News, Country | Once again Corona is spreading its foot in the country. The cases are increasing rapidly with every day, after which the government has also come into action. There has been a spurt in the cases of corona in Noida of Uttar Pradesh as well.
Corona cases have picked up pace in the country, new cases cross ten thousand. Udaipur Kiran. New Delhi, 13 April. In the last 24 hours, 10,158 new corona patients have appeared in the country. 5,356 patients have recovered during this period so far from coronavirus.
Negligence of devotees in Chardham Yatra is costing their lives! Government's flaws are also responsible. It has been only eight days since Chardham Yatra 2022 started in Uttarakhand, but in these eight days 20 pilgrims have died in Chardham due to diseases (20 pilgrims died in Chardham Yatra). In such a situation, once again questions are being raised on the preparations of the government.
Four people died within a week due to an unknown disease in Bihar's Gaya district, creating a stir, the Health Department team engaged in the investigation. The dead include three women and one man, whose age is said to be between 35 and 55 years. On the other hand, the villagers are horrified by the death of four people one after the other and are planning to leave the village.
MP Coronavirus Case In Indore Bhopal And Gwalior With The Change Of Season In Summer ANN | MP Coronavirus: Corona knocked again in these cities of Madhya Pradesh, know in which cities patients were found. Coronavirus: The number of corona positive patients has increased to five in Madhya Pradesh. According to Covid Specialist Dr. Ronak Elchi, people still need to be aware of the coronavirus.
Theft in the house vacated after four deaths in Sikar. Thieves targeted an empty house after four deaths, stole valuables. Patrika News | Sikar/Rings. Call it the crushing of time, the culmination of insensitivity or inhumanity. Thieves targeted the abandoned house of Ringus doctor Dr. Satish Poonia, whose wife and two children drowned in a canal four days ago in a road accident in Punjab, even before the ashes of his funeral pyre cooled down. Sikar News | Undefined News | Patrika News
Coronavirus Updates: India Logs 3 Per Cent Surge in Daily COVID19 Cases, 2710 New Cases in Last 24 Hours India in Hindi | Coronavirus Update: In the last 24 hours, 2,710 new corona cases have been registered in India. At the same time, 14 people have died due to corona virus during this period.
Food Poisoning in Bharatpur: 16 people, including the bride and groom, suffered from food poisoning after consuming contaminated buttermilk due to a fallen lizard in the village of Atawi in the Sikri police station area of Bharatpur. They were admitted to the Sikri Hospital, and three of them, in critical condition, were referred to Alwar.
Hathras: 300 Pigs Have Died So Far Due To Mysterious Disease, Increased Panic Hathras: 300 pigs have died so far due to mysterious disease, increased panic.
130 new cases of Kovid-19 in Chhattisgarh - 130 new cases of Kovid 19 in Chhattisgarh - Navbharat Times . Raipur, August 29 (Language) During the last 24 hours in Chhattisgarh, 130 more people have been confirmed infected with the coronavirus. With this, the total number of Covid-19 cases in the state till Monday has gone up to 11,73,574. Officials of the health department in the state said on Monday that three people have been discharged from hospitals after becoming infection-free, while 217 people have completed their home isolation period. A person infected with the corona virus died in the state on Monday.
130 new cases of Covid 19 in Chhattisgarh - Navbharat Times . Raipur, August 29 (Language) During the last 24 hours in Chhattisgarh, 130 more people have been confirmed infected with the corona virus. With this, the total number of Covid-19 cases in the state till Monday has gone up to 11,73,574. Officials of the health department in the state said on Monday that three people have been discharged from hospitals after becoming infection-free, while 217 people have completed their home isolation period. A person infected with the corona virus has died in the state on Monday.
Monkeypox virus spread through sexual intercourse in 3 out of 4 cases found in India: sources dpk – News18 Hindi | Sources told that from whom and how the infection of monkeypox virus came to this patient, information is currently being gathered. Patient is not sharing information correctly. First he talked about partying in Shimla's Mashobra, then Manali. According to sources, health officials suspect that this person came in contact with a foreign tourist in Manali or a group in which someone was already infected with monkeypox.
Covid-19 case found after three months in Meerut, UP, whole family quarantined. Meerut CMO Dr. Akhilesh Mohan said that in the test report of 652 samples, one person has been found corona infected.
Monkeypox virus spread through sexual intercourse in 3 out of 4 cases found in India: sources dpk – News18 Hindi | Sources told that from whom and how the infection of monkeypox virus came to this patient, information is currently being gathered. Patient is not sharing information correctly. First he talked about partying in Shimla's Mashobra, then Manali. According to sources, health officials suspect that this person came in contact with a foreign tourist in Manali or a group in which someone was already infected with monkeypox.
Dhanbad Road Accident: Car Hits Youth, Drags Bike for 100 Meters, Car Catches Fire Due to Collision with Bike | A road accident has occurred in Dhanbad. A youth lost his life in this road mishap. After the collision between the car and the bike, the car dragged the motorcycle for 100 meters. Meanwhile, a fire also broke out in the car. This incident took place in the Barwadda police station area.
Dhanbad Road Accident: Car ran over the youth, dragging the bike for 100 meters Road accident has happened in Dhanbad. A young man died in this road accident. After the collision between the car and the bike, the car kept dragging the motorcycle for 100 metres. Meanwhile, the car also caught fire. This incident is of Barwadda police station area.
Nine positive cases of Corona were found in the district - Deoria News
Banda: Diarrhea spread in the area, 12 patients admitted to CHC
9 Coeona Cases Found - Nine positive cases of Corona were found in the district - Deoria News | Nine positive cases of corona were found in the district.
Accident in Jodhpur Surpura Dam 3 killed 3 rescued 6 people were drowning in Surpura Dam located in Mandore, Jodhpur. The team of SDRF and divers who reached after the accident saved 3 people from drowning while 3 people died due to drowning.
Accident in Jodhpur Surpura Dam 3 killed 3 rescued 6 people were drowning in Surpura Dam located in Mandore, Jodhpur. The team of SDRF and divers who reached after the accident saved 3 people from drowning while 3 people died due to drowning.
Where Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal resides, there is also the hub of dengue cases in posh areas. In Delhi, a total of 525 new cases of mosquito-borne disease dengue have been reported so far this year. The highest number of cases are coming from posh areas, including the area of Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's official residence, Civil Lines.
Rajasthan: NEET Aspirant Dies in Kota, 35 Other Students Fall Ill from Drinking Polluted Water - Hindi Oneindia | According to Kota's Chief Medical and Health Officer (CMHO), Dr. Jagdish Soni, Hepatic Encephalopathy is a neurological disorder related to the nervous system, which leads to several serious liver-related diseases.
Bike rider traveling from Lahar to Sewdha dies in road accident, girl dies due to tractor-trolley overturning - Dainik Bhaskar | In separate incidents of road accidents in different police station areas of Bhind district, two people have lost their lives. Half a dozen people are injured in these accidents. Both police stations have registered cases of road accidents and have started searching for the accused vehicle drivers. | Death of bike rider in road accident while traveling from Lahar to Sewdha, girl dies due to tractor-trolley overturning.
Dengue resides where Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal lives, most dengue cases in posh areas. A total of 525 new cases of dengue, a mosquito-borne disease, have been reported in Delhi this year. Most of the cases are coming from posh areas, including Civil Lines, the official residence of Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal.
Etawah News: Unaware of rules, lost life in accident - Gorget Traffic Rule 29 Died - Etawah News | At many places three passengers were sitting on the bikes. In one year, 113 people were injured in 52 accidents. 19 died due to head injury.
Etawah News: Unaware of rules, lost life in accident - Gorget Traffic Rule 29 Died - Etawah News | At many places three passengers were sitting on the bikes. In one year, 113 people were injured in 52 accidents. 19 died due to head injury.
CG corona update: 161 new corona infected patients in Chhattisgarh, cases increasing continuously in Durg. Corona figures in Chhattisgarh: Corona is moving towards the fourth wave in Chhattisgarh. For the last few days, the number of corona patients has increased continuously. The number of corona patients in the state has crossed one thousand. The positivity rate is 1.39 percent.
CG corona update: 161 new corona infected patients in Chhattisgarh, cases increasing continuously in Durg. Corona figures in Chhattisgarh: Corona is moving towards the fourth wave in Chhattisgarh. For the last few days, the number of corona patients has increased continuously. The number of corona patients in the state has crossed one thousand. The positivity rate is 1.39 percent.
10 New Cases Of Corona Found, All Home Isolated - On Thursday, 10 new cases of Corona were found, all isolated at home - Panipat News. New 10 cases of corona were found on Thursday, all were isolated at home.
On Thursday, 10 new cases of Corona were found, all isolated at home - Panipat News .
Pauri Bus Accident: 12 People Cremated Together, Grieving Relatives Seen Helpless | The final rites of the people who lost their lives in the Pauri bus accident at Haridwar's Chandi Ghat are being performed. Everyone is somberly observing the last rites of the 12 individuals together. Crying and distraught relatives at the ghat are visibly overwhelmed by the loss of their loved ones.
Pauri bus accident: pyres of 12 people burnt together, relatives looked insensitive. The last rites of those killed in the Pauri bus accident are being performed at Chandi Ghat in Haridwar. Everyone is inconsolable seeing the funeral of the dead bodies of 12 people together. Relatives crying on the ghat are seen insensible due to the loss of their loved ones.
Rajasthan temperature reached 47 degrees weather today heatwave alert | Rajasthan heats up with heat, mercury reaches above 47 breaking records, heat wave wreaks havoc Patrika News | Banswara @ 47.2 degrees, temperature more than 45 degrees at nine places | Jaipur News | Undefined News | Patrika News
Rajasthan temperature reached 47 degrees weather today heatwave alert | Rajasthan heats up with heat, mercury reaches above 47 breaking records, heat wave wreaks havoc Patrika News | Banswara @ 47.2 degrees, temperature more than 45 degrees at nine places | Jaipur News | Undefined News | Patrika News
Lumpy Virus | Lumpy virus knocks in Thane as well, MBMC ready to deal with the disease. Navabharat (Navbharat). Anil Chauhan Bhayandar: Lumpy Skin Virus, which is mercilessly killing cows, has spread to many states of the country including Maharashtra. This disease has also knocked in Thane district. In Ambernath, Shahapur, Bhiwandi, 14 cattle have been found infected with Lumpy virus.
Three New Corona Infected Were Found, Now The Number Is Six on Wednesday - Aligarh News
Child marriage leads to the highest maternal mortality in assam and 3000 plus cases of pocso in three months. Child marriage in Assam and the strict action taken by the government to stop it has been in the news for a few months. Jagran Prime did a ground report to know what is the truth and thinking behind it and Why 14-15 year old daughters are forced to become mothers.
Delhi corona update Corona infection rate is continuously decreasing, 377 new cases of corona in last 24 hours. Corona cases are increasing in the capital Delhi. It is a matter of relief that the pace of infection has reduced. In the last 24 hours, 377 new cases have been confirmed. At the same time, during the last 24 hours, two patients died of corona.
Road accidents killed 8 people in Uttar Pradesh's Azamgarh and Bareilly, CM Yogi expressed grief.
UP News: 1370 villages of 18 districts of UP surrounded by flood, CM Yogi Adityanath gave these strict instructions. Flood in UP: According to the Office of the Relief Commissioner of Uttar Pradesh, three people have died in the state due to excessive rains, one due to lightning, one due to snakebite, and one due to drowning.
Lumpy Pox: 55 Sick Bovines Recover After Treatment, No New Case Found Lumpi Pox: Lumpi: Sick 55 cattle recovered after treatment, no new case found
Corona Mock Drill Chandrapur: Chandrapurat Corona Mockdrill; Health system claims to be competent, corona mock drill started in Chandrapur 18 active corona patient found health system claims to be competent. In Chandrapur district, the mock drill of Corona has started from today, and the mock drill will be completed in the evening. The health system of Chandrapur district is capable of fighting against Corona.
Hamirpur: Case filed against five in teen's suicide
Mourning spread after the blast in the firecracker factory. Horror pictures of blast in firecracker factory - Dainik Bhaskar | Innocent people are suffering the pain of explosion in illegal firecracker factory. There is mourning in the families of the 4 people who died. 8 seriously injured are battling for life and death. One girl child has been torn to shreds. , The explosion in the firecracker factory in Morena caused havoc
Bihar Corona update speed of corona is not stopping in Bihar 136 patients including 53 were found in Patna The process of getting the maximum number of corona patients continues in Patna. Investigation found 53 infected in Patna. 28 patients were found in Gaya, 11 in Purnea, nine in Bhagalpur and seven in Khagaria.
Corona Cases In UP: Corona scare in Gautam Budh Nagar, more than 100 cases in 24 hours, 206 cases surfaced in Uttar Pradesh
Two people, including an electrician, died in road accidents. After getting information about the accidents, the police reached the spot and took the dead bodies in their custody and sent them for postmortem. Reports of both the road accidents have been lodged at Kavinagar and Mussoorie police stations. Police is engaged in further action. , Ghaziabad News | Undefined News | Patrika News
11th exam was there, used to shoot photos with expensive camera - Dainik Bhaskar | Five boys who were making photo shoots and reels on the highway met with an accident. A Bolero camper crushed all five. Three of them were seriously injured, who are being treated at a private hospital in Palanpur, Gujarat. The case pertains to Dhorimanna town of Barmer district. The incident is being told at 7 pm on Thursday. , Used to make reels in action with lakhs of rupees cameras,
Kathua - Dengue stings three people - Kathua News
23 more TB patients found on Integrated Nikshay Day, treatment started - Saharanpur. Integrated Defense Day was celebrated at all health units on January 16 Janvani Correspondent | Saharanpur: Utility of Integrated Defense Day organized on 16th January
32 People Found Corona Infected In Panchkula District -
57 children fell ill after consuming poisonous food in the school. New Delhi. Quoting local police officials, the news agency Reuters said that in the last two weeks
1 Dead After Sudden Rise Of Dengue Cases In Jaipur | Rajasthan: 155% increase in dengue cases in Jaipur, 1 death. Of the 1,201 dengue cases reported in Jaipur between January 1 and September 27, 730 were reported in just 19 days. Health department official has asked people to be careful
Chhattisgarh Corona Tracker Corona patient found in Durg district of Chhattisgarh. With the confirmation of 1 corona patient in Chhattisgarh, the total number of cases has increased to 1177760. chhattisgarh corona update today The positivity rate in the state is 0.23 percent. CG Corona update The number of active cases in the state remains at 7 only. A corona patient was found in Durg district on Friday. No one has died from Corona. chhattisgarh corona tracker There are no active corona patients in 24 districts of Chhattisgarh. Corona active patient in Chhattisgarh
Ten new cases of Corona surfaced - Ambala News
Andhra Pradesh Fire broke out at a firecracker shop in Governorpet, Vijayawada - Hindi Oneindia | Another fire incident has come to light from Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh. A fire broke out at a firecracker shop in Vijayawada's Governorpet area. Two vehicles of the fire department are present on the spot to douse the fire. Andhra Pradesh Fire broke out at a firecracker shop in Governorpet, Vijayawada
Harsh firing in Arrah: A youth opened fire at a wedding ceremony, two people were injured. Both were making a video of Jaimala on the stage during the wedding ceremony, during which they got shot.
Five people died after being bitten by a stray dog near Maheshkhunt railway station,Khagaria ,Gogri.
Fire breaks out at a firecracker shop in Governorpet, Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh, fire tenders at the spot. Andhra Pradesh Fire broke out at a firecracker shop in Governorpet, Vijayawada - Hindi Oneindia | Another fire incident has come to light from Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh. A fire broke out at a firecracker shop in Vijayawada's Governorpet area. Two vehicles of the fire department are present on the spot to douse the fire. Andhra Pradesh Fire broke out at a firecracker shop in Governerpet, Vijayawada
4 foreigners found coronavirus infected in Bihar's Gaya, a young man from China quarantined in Agra. Patrika News | Coronavirus Updates In the investigation report that came on December 26 in the country, 196 new coronavirus cases were found in the last 24 hours. But due to foreign travelers or foreign tourists, coronavirus cases have started coming in the country. After Agra, 4 foreign coronaviruses were found infected in Bihar's Gaya. But surprisingly, none of the symptoms of corona were visible in them. One of the 12 passengers who returned from China at the Bengaluru airport has tested positive for coronavirus. As per the latest information, 2 COVID positive cases have been reported at Kolkata airport. , National News News | Undefined News | Patrika News
Many bikes washed away in rain water in Sojat, caught running away. Pre-monsoon rains soak up Rajasthan's Pali - Dainik Bhaskar | The pre-monsoon rains on Monday at many places in the district including Pali city made the weather pleasant. It started raining in Pali after noon which continued till late evening. Pali recorded 11 mm of rain till 5 pm.
Bihar Gaya 4 foreign coronavirus infected youth Agra quarantine | 4 foreigners found coronavirus infected in Bihar's Gaya, a young man from China quarantined in Agra. Patrika News | Coronavirus Updates In the investigation report that came on December 26 in the country, 196 new coronavirus cases were found in the last 24 hours. But due to foreign travelers or foreign tourists, coronavirus cases have started coming in the country. After Agra, 4 foreign coronaviruses were found infected in Bihar's Gaya. But surprisingly, none of the symptoms of corona were visible in them. One of the 12 passengers who returned from China at the Bengaluru airport has tested positive for coronavirus. As per the latest information, 2 COVID positive cases have been reported at Kolkata airport.  National News News | Undefined News | Patrika News
993 new cases of corona infection confirmed in Maharashtra, five people died. Mumbai, April 22 (UNI) During the last 24 hours, 993 new cases of corona virus (Covid-19) have been reported in Maharashtra and five more people have died due to the infection. This information was given in the health bulletin on Saturday.
Siddharthnagar News:11 Vaccination of Children, Examination of Pregnant Women - 11 Vaccination of Children, Examination of Pregnant Women - Siddharthnagar News | Pregnant with vaccination of children in the camp organized on Monday in village Nakthar Deoria of Bhanwapur block area.
Covid-19: Corona knocks again in Bihar in new form, number of active patients crosses 50 - Covid 19 new variant has knocked in Bihar as number of active corona cases has crossed 50 The number of active patients of corona has increased to 51 in Bihar. There are a total of 32 active patients in Patna district. On the other hand, talking about the new variant of Corona, Dr. Manish Mandal said that this new variant can seriously disturb the patients of diabetes, BP, kidney and heart.
Two Groups of AAP Party Clash in Punjab's Phagwara, Two Injured - Punjab: Two groups of AAP clashed with each other as soon as the minister left the venue, two injured. India In Hindi | Two groups of the ruling Aam Aadmi Party in Punjab allegedly clashed here on Thursday. Police said that there was an altercation between the party workers. According to reports, the police had to use mild force to disperse the crowd. In this clash, two people named Sahbi and Luv Sharma have been injured and have been admitted to the hospital.
Five killed 15 injured in loader truck collision in Kanpur | Kanpur Road Accident: Truck collided with a standing loader, five killed and 15 injured, second accident within 12 hours. Patrika News | Kanpur Road Accident Second painful road accident has happened in Kanpur within 12 hours. In this accident, the truck hit the loader standing at a high speed. Due to which five people died and about 15 people were reported injured. As soon as the accident was informed, the police station reached the spot and sent all the dead bodies for postmortem. At the same time, the injured have been admitted to the hospital for treatment. The condition of three of the injured remains critical. Kanpur News | Undefined News | Patrika News
Mumbai, April 22 (UNI) During the last 24 hours, 993 new cases of corona virus (Covid-19) have been reported in Maharashtra and five more people have died due to the infection. This information was given in the health bulletin on Saturday.
Health test of 3718 patients was given free medicine in 142 Chief Mini | Health check-up of 3718 patients at 142 Chief Minister's Jan Arogya Mela, free medicines were given. Patrika News | Bareilly. As per the orders of CM Yogi Adityanath, Jan Arogya Mela was organized by setting up 71 PHCs and UPHCs and 71 camps in Bareilly. In the fair, 3718 patients were given free health check-up and medicines were distributed. CMO Bareilly Dr. Balbir Singh said that 42 golden cards were made on Sunday at the Jan Arogya Mela. 1243 people were tested through the Covid Help Desk. Bareilly News | Undefined News | Patrika News
HIV patients increasing rapidly but treatment possible. Not only men and women, children and third gender are also fast coming under the grip of HIV. Patrika News | In Uttar Pradesh's Saharanpur district, not only men and women but children and third gender are also in the grip of HIV virus. 2800 patients are being treated here. Of these, 70 are children and 36 are of the third gender. Saharanpur News | Undefined News | Patrika News
Woman murdered in Korea, three accused including a constable arrested. Korea's Patna police has arrested three accused in the murder case (Three arrested in Patna murder case). An accused in this murder case is also a police constable.
Corona cases are increasing in Delhi-NCR, the infection rate in Delhi is 8 percent. The cases of Covid-19 have started increasing once again in Delhi-NCR. In the last 24 hours, 1934 cases of Covid-19 have been reported in Delhi. 59 new cases of corona have been reported in Ghaziabad. A total of 719 new cases of corona have been reported in the district in June. The ever-increasing graph of corona infected patients has increased the concern of Gautam Buddha Nagar. After a long time, the highest number of 168 new cases of corona infection were registered in Noida on Wednesday.
73% of the total patients received in a week came to Jaipur; Dholpur at number two. 73 percent of the total patients found in the state in a week came to Jaipur; Dholpur is second with 52 patients - Dainik Bhaskar | Corona in Rajasthan has been increasing continuously for the last two weeks. Capital Jaipur remains the biggest hotspot in the state. More than 50 cases of corona have been found here for the second consecutive day today. During the last 24 hours, 63 new patients have been found in the district. If we look at the report of the last one week, this is the fourth time that more than 50 cases of corona have been found in Jaipur. Rajasthan Jaipur Coronavirus Cases Update Corona in Rajasthan has been increasing continuously for the last two weeks. Capital Jaipur remains the biggest hotspot in the state. More than 50 cases of corona have been found here for the second consecutive day today.
The accident happened while lighting gas in Gaya, two were referred to Patna. The accident happened while burning gas in Gaya, two were referred to Patna - Dainik Bhaskar | Two of the four boys who were scorched in the incident of fire in the room in Delha police station area of Gaya city died. The condition of the remaining two is critical. Both of them are admitted in Patna. All the boys are residents of Karamouni village. At the same time, the victim's family has not been able to get any help from anywhere. The accident happened while burning gas in Gaya, two were referred to Patna.
Bihar: In seven months, 4848 incidents, 2070 murders, 345 rapes, 144 kidnappings and 700 cases of attempt to murder were involved, Union Minister Nityanand Rai attacked. Accusing the Nitish Kumar-led government of failing to maintain law and order in the state, Union Minister of State for Home Nityanand Rai claimed that incidents of "murder, rape and abduction" were responsible for the "Mahagathbandhan" government coming to power in August last year. It has grown manifold since coming in.
Diarrhea Outbreak in Ahmatia Village, 14 Sick, One Serious Outbreak of diarrhea in Ahmatia village, 14 sick, one serious.
MP COVID Update Corona Patients Are Present in These Districts Of Madhya Pradesh ANN | MP Covid Update: Corona patients are present in these districts, health department sweated to make the state Covid free. MP Corona News: There are still 5 active patients of Covid-19 in Madhya Pradesh. In such a situation, the health department has lost its sweat to make the state corona free. There is still an appeal to take precautions.
Measles outbreak in Bhiwandi. As many as 793 suspected patients recorded - Marathi News | Measles outbreak in Bhiwandi As many as 793 suspected patients have been recorded Latest Thane News at Lokmat.com. The blood samples of the patients were sent to Hafkin Research Institute, Parel, Mumbai for testing. In this report, 48 patients were reported to be suffering from measles rubella.
After November, the month of December also became the peak season, reaching data of 235 Rohtak News; risk of dengue increased in Rohtak, after November, December became peak time, figure reached 235 - Dainik Bhaskar. The threat of dengue is increasing in Rohtak, Haryana. Which has a bad effect on people's health. November is considered peak month for dengue. But this time in December too, there are a lot of dengue patients. Anti-larval activities are being carried out to prevent mosquito-borne diseases. | The threat of dengue is increasing in Rohtak, Haryana. Which has a bad effect on people's health. November is considered peak month for dengue. But this time in December too, there are a lot of dengue patients. Anti-larval activities are being carried out to prevent mosquito-borne diseases.
Cancer Disease: Greater Noida: Fear of cancer in Smart Village Maincha and Chithehra, 70 deaths in 4 years due to deadly disease in government adopted village - cancer affected village Maycha and Chithehra 70 died in 4 years dangerous disease | Navbharat Times | Mycha has been declared as a smart village by the UP government. At the same time, under the Rurban Bharat Mission, an important scheme of the Government of India, development is being done on the lines of the city selected in the Chithera cluster. At present, more than 40 people are suffering from cancer in both the villages. This deadly disease has claimed more than 70 lives in the last 4 years.
290 new cases of Covid-19 in Gujarat, two deaths - Navbharat Times. Ahmedabad, Aug 26 (PTI) 290 new cases of coronavirus infection were reported in Gujarat on Friday, after which the total number of infected patients in the state increased to 12,69,122. The Health Department gave this information. He told that two more patients died due to infection, after which the total death toll increased to 11,003. According to the Health Department, 356 patients recovered in the last 24 hours and so far, a total of 12,56,293 patients have recovered from the disease. At present, there are 1,826 under-treated patients of Covid-19 in Gujarat.
Visakhapatnam: Poisonous gas leak again, 121 people are being treated in the hospital - Visakhapatnam 121 workers affected being treated in various hospitals mns – News18 Hindi | After the gas leak, the employees complained of feeling nervous and vomiting. After this he was provided first aid facility at the Medical Center of the Special Economic Zone.
Corona Update- 3,611 new patients of Corona in the country, 27 died - Royal Bulletin . New Delhi. During the last 24 hours, 3,611 new patients infected with the corona virus have been reported in the country, while 27 patients infected with the corona virus died during this period. At the same time, 6,587 patients have recovered. So far 4,43,99,415 patients have become healthy and the recovery rate is 98.74 percent. Union Ministry of Health
Corona - Six more people got corona infected, active patients became 38 - Raebareli News | Six more people got corona infected, 38 active patients
H3N2 increased concern in Odisha, 60 people infected with new virus, on alert. H3N2 Odisha: After Corona, influenza virus H3N2 is spreading rapidly in the country. January and February this year in Odisha.
Coronavirus data India 07 august 2022 latest update from health ministry on covid 19 crisis, India news | Coronavirus Crisis: No brake on the speed of Corona in the country, so many new cases surfaced in 24 hours, active cases now 134933. Hindi News, Country | After 18,738 people were found infected with the corona virus in India in one day, the total number of infections in the country has increased to 4,41,45,732, while the number of patients under treatment has reached 1,34,933.
So far 191.15 crore doses of anti-coronavirus vaccine have been given in the country. New Delhi. Under the nationwide vaccination campaign, more than 191 crore 15 lakh anti-coronavirus vaccine doses have been given till 8 am on Saturday. 14 lakh in the last 24 hours
Person saved the lives of four people even after dying Heart kidney and liver transplanted in bengal | Soumen Bhadra, a resident of East Barddhaman district of Bengal, has given new life to four people even after death. He was declared brain dead by the doctors. After this the family decided to donate his organs.
No new case of corona virus infection was reported in Jammu and Kashmir on Monday, due to which the total number of infected people remained stable at 4,79,266. The officers provided this information. An official spokesperson said, "No new case of COVID-19 has been reported in Jammu and Kashmir in the last 24 hours." The death toll in the union territory remained stable at 4,785 as no patient died during the last 24 hours. The number of patients under treatment for Covid-19 in Jammu and Kashmir has gone up to 23. So far total 4,74,458 have died in this
Congenital cataract is increasing in children in cities, light can be lost due to carelessness, keep these necessary precautions - News18 Hindi | Did you know that Cataract – commonly known as white cataract is a common disease among children? Statistics show that 6 out of every 10,000 children in India are born with congenital cataract.
Firing on police in Jaipur, 4 miscreants caught in retaliatory firing, weapons recovered. Patrika News | Action of Jaipur Rural Police: Firing in Jhotwara and assault on a youth in public on Tonk Road, the video of the assault went viral, a pistol, two country-made pistols and 8 cartridges were recovered from the accused. Jaipur News | Undefined News | Patrika News
Bear again attacked a villager in Bageshwar, third incident in 15 days. The villager has suffered serious injuries on his hands and face in the attack. The injured was admitted to the district hospital. From where the injured have been referred to Haldwani Sushila Tiwari Hospital after first aid. This is the third incident within the last 15 days.
Farmer dies of diarrhea in Banda, eight admitted To tie. Diseases are increasing continuously due to seasonal change. Apart from cold and fever...
Rajasthan: Around 200 people fell ill after consuming contaminated food at the funeral feast, treatment continues in the hospital. Hundreds of people complained of vomiting, diarrhea and abdominal pain (Several fell sick due to food poisoning in Karauli) due to food poisoning in Gram Panchayat Sankarwada of Todabhim subdivision area of Karauli district of Rajasthan. About 200 people have become victims of food poisoning. A team of the Medical Department has also been sent to the village, which is treating the people.
Dengue spike in Ludhiana 21 New cases of dengue Reported in Ludhiana,the number of dengue cases in the city is increasing day by day. Because of this, the problems of the health department have also increased. At the same time, there has been a stir due to the arrival of 21 new cases.
Three killed and four injured in fireworks factory explosion in Egra under East Medinipur district | There is an atmosphere of panic due to the sudden explosion on Tuesday in Khadikul area of Egra under East Medinipur district. Here the explosion took place in a firecracker factory. So far three people have been reported killed in it.
Mhow News: Children suddenly fell ill in Mhow Army Public School seven were admitted to the hospital. Fear of food poisoning, the school sealed the canteen as a precautionary measure.
Mathura road accident tractor collided with bike brother and sister died  | In Mathura, a tractor hit a bike, as a result of which both the siblings riding on it were killed, while the tractor driver fled with the tractor, both of whom had gone to their maternal grandmother.
40 new cases of dengue were found, broke the record of 11 years, the number of patients reached 1158 - Hisar News .
Case of death of 66 children in Gambia due to cough syrup: Government committee said – information received from WHO is not enough.
Many hospitalized after eating at restaurant Kerala people fell ill health minister Veena George took action ntc - AajTak . 68 people fell ill after having food at a restaurant in Ernakulam, Kerala. All have been admitted to the hospital. At the same time, Kerala Health Minister Veena George has suspended the license of the hotel in Ernakulam.
3 people died due to lightning in Saran, took shelter under Ficus religiosa (Peepal tree) to avoid rain. Lightning in Saran has wreaked havoc. 3 people have died due to its grip. Police has sent the dead bodies for postmortem.
Rewa Bus Accident: Bags full of Diwali happiness are giving testimony of gruesome deaths, this sign will reach the homes of the victims' families along with the dead bodies. Whoever heard the news of the horrific road accident near Sohagi in Rewa district on late Friday night, his heart burst. 15 laborers died and more than 40 were injured in the accident. In Hyderabad-Secunderabad, the dreams of sharing the happiness of Diwali with the family were added to the savings by working as wages. The laborers who died in the accident were carrying Diwali gifts for their families in their bags. But everything ended halfway before reaching home. Bags are loaded on stretchers near the dead laborers in the hospital. Preparations are on to send these bags along with the dead bodies. That's all, now this bag is the last symbol for those families, whose lamp got extinguished just before Diwali. (Rewa road accident) (Bus accident 15 death) (rewa Sohagi hill accident) (Rewa road accident) (rewa bus collided with truck) (rewa bus truck accident) (Bags testimony pain of deaths)
Bird flu in Bihar's Supaul | Bird flu knocks in Bihar's Supaul, more than 250 chickens killed Bird flu has been confirmed in samples taken from chickens.
Along with Lumpy, carelessness is also taking the lives of animals, this is the condition of Rajasthan - lumpy disease Rajasthan died cows' veterinary hospital ashok gehlot ntc Due to lumpy disease in Rajasthan, the death toll of animals has reached close to 13000. About 3 kilometers from Jodhpur city, there is a pile of dead bodies of animals. Claims are being made that treatment is being provided but the ground reality is different from this, the problems of the farmers are not taking the name of reducing.
Sawai Madhopur news 2 killed 1 injured in road accident know whole matter. Sawai Madhopur News: 2 killed 1 injured in road accident, know the whole matter. Hindi News, sawai-madhopur | Two bike riders died in a car collision last night at Machhipura turn on Gangapur City-Sawai Madhopur road in Sawai Madhopur district. While a young man was seriously injured.
As cholera cases have increased in the Lalitpur Metropolitan City of Kathmandu Valley with 12 people testing positive, the authorities ban the sale of Pani Puri Has given - Navbharat Times. Municipal police chief Sitaram Hachethu said the metropolis has made internal preparations to stop the sale of pani puri in congested areas and corridor areas. He said that the danger of outbreak of cholera has increased in the valley. The total number of patients infected with cholera has increased to 12 in the Kathmandu Valley.
Jharkhand Corona Updates: Death toll from Corona increasing in Jharkhand, two more deaths, 58 new cases found. The pace of corona infection is increasing in Jharkhand. On July 17, 58 new patients have been found. During this, 80 infected people were recovered and two people died due to corona. After which the number of active cases in the state has increased to 1045.
6 Killed, 12 Injured After Fire Breaks Out At Andhra Pradesh Pharma Unit India News in Hindi | Chief Minister Jagan Mohan Reddy has expressed grief over the incident and announced a compensation of Rs 25 lakh to the next of kin of the deceased.
Corona virus: Today again more than one thousand new cases in Delhi, active cases cross 3700. Coronavirus 1094 fresh cases in last 24 hours Active cases in Delhi 3705 - Hindi Oneindia | Delhi reports 1094 fresh COVID19 cases and 2 deaths in the last 24 hours. Delhi reports 1094 fresh COVID19 cases 640 recoveries and 2 deaths in the last 24 hours Active cases 3705
Administration wakes up after 61 deaths due to unknown disease in Sukma, two handpumps sealed in Regragatta. In Sukma of Bastar, 61 people died of unknown disease (People died unknown disease in Sukma). These deaths have happened in a total of two years. After which the district administration tested the water of the handpumps of the district (unknown disease in Sukma of Bastar). In this investigation, the amount of iron and fluoride was found to be high in the water of 10 handpumps. The administration has sealed two handpumps and stopped water supply from 8 handpumps (hand pumps seal in sukma regagadatta village).
Rewa Bus Accident: Bags full of Diwali happiness are giving testimony of gruesome deaths, this sign will reach the homes of the victims' families along with the dead bodies. Whoever heard the news of the horrific road accident near Sohagi in Rewa district on late Friday night, his heart burst. 15 laborers died and more than 40 were injured in the accident. In Hyderabad-Secunderabad, the dreams of sharing the happiness of Diwali with the family were added to the savings by working as wages. The laborers who died in the accident were carrying Diwali gifts for their families in their bags. But everything ended halfway before reaching home. Bags are loaded on stretchers near the dead laborers in the hospital. Preparations are on to send these bags along with the dead bodies. That's it, now this bag is the last symbol for those families, whose lamp got extinguished just before Diwali.
Dhanbad judge murder case news verdict may come next month cbi testified 58 people now there will be clarification statement on 28th June Now there will be a clarification statement on June 28. The special CBI court hearing the Dhanbad District Judge Uttam Anand case is likely to pronounce its verdict next month. The court has closed the prosecution evidence. So far 58 people have registered their testimony.
Dhanbad judge murder case news verdict may come next month ,CBI testified 58 people Now there will be a clarification statement on June 28. The special CBI court hearing the Dhanbad District Judge Uttam Anand case is likely to pronounce its verdict next month. The court has closed the prosecution evidence. So far 58 people have registered their testimony.
Second case of monkeypox came to light in Delhi, confirmation of infection in African citizen. TheHealthSite.com Hindi | So far 6 cases of monkeypox have been reported in India. Four cases of infection were reported from Kerala, out of which a 22-year-old youth died of the disease. So far 2 cases have been confirmed in Delhi.
OMG: Life in trouble, the scooty broke into two pieces on the middle of the road | Meerut Scooty Accident: This accident happened on Friday in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh. Due to the sudden breakdown of the scooty, the person riding on it fell on the middle of the road. During this, the life of a person named Utsav Agarwal was narrowly saved by the vehicles coming from behind.
Corona infection increased in Chhattisgarh 129 new patients were found in 24 hours One dead 983 active cases in the state The increasing number of corona infected in Chhattisgarh has increased the concern of the health department. On Friday, 129 new patients have been found in the state. With this, the number of active patients has increased to 983.
Road accident in Undarda village of Dungarpur one woman killed 6 injured car was drunk and driving. Outburst of anger: First drank heavily, then ran the car on the road like a monster, one died and 6 were injured. Hindi News, Dungarpur | Aspur: In Undarda village of Dovda police station area of Dungarpur district, an inebriated car driver rammed two bikes running ahead while running the car. Six people, including a woman riding both bikes, were injured in the accident. Here, after the accident, people caught the driver of the car. Beaten him fiercely.
Dengue Cases in Delhi | Dengue is spreading in Delhi, 82 cases have been registered so far this year. Navabharat (Navbharat). New Delhi: In the last one week, one more case of dengue has been registered in Delhi and so far this year 82 patients have come forward. According to a report by the South Delhi Municipal Corporation, 81 cases of dengue were reported in the city till April 30 this year.
Coronavirus: 7584 new cases of corona in India in 24 hours, 24 patients died, active cases crossed 36 thousand. Coronavirus: New cases of corona infection continue to boom in India. In the last 24 hours, more than 7500 new corona cases have been found in India. Maharashtra alone received 2,813 new  cases of Covid-19 on Thursday.
Delhi Reports 2nd Monkeypox Case In Hindi | Second case of monkeypox came to the fore in Delhi, confirmation of infection in African citizen. TheHealthSite.com Hindi | So far 6 cases of monkeypox have been reported in India. Four cases of infection were reported from Kerala, out of which a 22-year-old youth died of the disease. So far 2 cases have been confirmed in Delhi.
After Corona and monkeypox, new disease scare, 5 cases have come in Kerala, 7 days quarantine if symptoms appear - India TV Hindi News. Tomato Flu: Experts say that children should be quarantined for seven days if they show symptoms of tomato flu. This flu can also infect adults.
Corona speeds up in Haryana, more than 1200 new cases of Covid-19 in 14 days Haryana Coronavirus News: More than 1200 new cases of Covid-19 have been reported in Haryana in 14 days, out of which 1000 cases are from Gurugram district. This information has been given in the official figures. There has been an increase in the cases of Covid-19 in this district in the last few days. In its neighboring Delhi too, there has been a spurt in daily Covid cases, and the infection rate has crossed two per cent. The Kovid infection rate in Haryana was 1.27 percent on 28 February, 0.41 percent on 31 March and 2.72 percent on 14 April. Between March 31 and April 14, 1211, new cases of Covid-19 have been reported in the state. This thing came out from the analysis of the data of the State Health Department.
Kaithal News: Fire in Battery Factory Due to Short Circuit - Kaithal News | Accident near old railway station, two vehicles of fire department reached.
Police started 'Dhaakad' scheme to save youth from drugs, team of students will be formed in college also. Within two years, 25 youths died in Rana Majra village of Panipat district in Haryana. This village is just an example. Drugs have destroyed many lives in the state. The situation is such that not only in the cities but also in the villages, youths are getting involved in drug addiction. There are many villages in Haryana where not only youth, but children were also found addicted to drugs. Even today the supply of drugs is going on fearlessly in the state. In view of such situation, Haryana government is now running Dhadak scheme in Haryana against drug addiction program to control drug addiction.
